Hey, can you hear me? Okay. Good morning, Um, so this is a stream about the stock market. Um, talk about other things as well, but it's mostly a stream that watches the stock market, works on stocks, looks at investments, businesses, things like that. Novo Nordisk CEO is gone. Not that surprising given the circumstances. Company reporting disappointing Ompic sales. Meanwhile, everyone including myself thought, you know, the world couldn't get enough OMIC. Wrong. completely wrong. Get money and laugh at Alejandro cuz it's so funny. [Music] Yeah, I don't know what's going on with QBT. It's really crazy. What a nightmare. Quantum is the future. Yeah. I mean, Lily's products are still selling well. I don't think that was a buy. Yeah, Cubid had less revenue than newsletters. Most newsletters and you could drive somebody calculated that you could drive Uber and do better than Cubit and the hard data on the uptake of his Empic. Yeah, it's called quarterly revenue hard data. Well, it kind of it kind of makes you wonder if you can report $39,000 of revenue and the stock can go up, what makes it going to what's going to make it go down? That's one way to look at it. But [Music] um you know, listen, fundamentals will matter at some point. You know, we're kind of in a clown market for now, but clown markets don't last forever. I don't know if we'll get a dump in the stock market. I mean, I don't know why you would ask that. How How would I know? Yeah, that's kind of what happened with Reieti, too. Sender, you know, obviously we're being facitious about the 39,000. I think it's just um you know I don't know it's hard to explain. It's really hard to explain. Yeah, I don't think that's a worthwhile question. Sera or the you're talking about treasuries? I don't know what what treasuries are going to do. That's like asking what the market's going to do. Oh, nobody knows what the what the stock market like. It's been proven that nobody's good at determining the future price of the stock market. And nobody talks about Michael Bur other than retail guys who don't know what's going on. a lot, Vlad. A lot. I hope we have you as a client, Vlad. You sound like you work on Wall Street, bled, don't lie to me. Don't lie to me. That's why we don't go on extra subreddits. We don't care about Nancy Pelosi either. Chris Hone, we might make the exception. Oh, I figured you're a Bloomberg user. Accelerate growth. Don't Don't pollute my chat because I have to look at the chat to respond to people who have a real questions. I didn't give up on Keros. I like it. There's not a lot to focus on. They kind of have three drugs. They only own two of them. One of them is kind of teada property now. It's trading below cash. Teada drug is probably going to pay off some dividends. One of the drugs is halted for safety problems. And they have one drug for It's kind of weird that they're doing it in DMD, but I've looked at Novo 100 times. It's there's not, you know, I've discussed it 100 times. It's not much to think about, Desmond. I don't see the S&P going up or down. I don't know. Do I know? Do I know any quant? Jesus [Music] Christ. Haven't looked at eurogen in a while. Never thought it was too interesting. It's a lot of mitosin, right? Midm? Do you trade penny stocks often? Oh, Lord have mercy. Lord have mercy. What I do? Did I do something wrong in life to deserve this? What did I do? Oh, hey. What's up, man? Alejandro Beahandro. Beaheandro, will you read the Neielson book with me? Bahandra, we were reading all about Neielen here. You want to check it out here? We're up to uh this part. Can you read with us, Bahandra? Do you know how to read? Aroandro. Yeah, maybe for Google. Not for ion. Yeah. Let's read the book. Bahandro, you ready? We're up to information theory. I want to teach you what quantum computing is, Bahandro. And then I'm going to make you humble in front of all the viewers of the stream. I'm going to show you one trick I learned in prison. You're going to like it. You say no. Diddy. I say all diddy. See, normally I don't I don't do crazy stuff, but when my eyes go local, then I go local. Are you ready, Bahandro? You ready for a bedtime story? Okay, Beahandro. So, let's talk about information theory because it's important to quantum computing. Okay. At the same time computer science was exploding in the 1940s, another revolution was taking place in our understanding of communication. I don't think he's got an exit plan, Pac-Man, but you typed exit wrong. Make sure when you type in my chat, you type correctly. In 1948, Claude Shannon published a remarkable pair of papers laying the foundation for the modern theory of information and communication. Perhaps the key step taken by Shannon was to mathematically define the concept of information. In many mathematical sciences, there is considerable flexibility in the choice of definitions. Try thinking naively about the following question. How would you mathematically define the notion of an information source? Several different answers to this problem have found widespread use, but Shannon came up with the most fruitful answer, leading to a plethora of deep results and a theory with rich structure that seems to reflect real world communication problems. Shannon was interested in two questions related to communication of information over a channel. First, what resources are required to send information over a channel? Telephone companies need to know how much information can they reliably transmit over a given telephone cable. Quantum companies do need to know this too. Can information be transmitted in a way that is protected against noise in the communication channel? This is a really interesting question and there was a paper that came out um the other day that showed that there's a limit to how much noise you can remove from quantum um communications and quantum data transmission. Which means there's probably a fundamental level of or fundamental limitation to how much error correcting codes can work and how much noise you can remove from from quantum which is not good for quantum but I think it sort of makes sense. There's a lot of quantum fluctuation and the whole idea of quantum mechanics and observer effect has spooked a lot of people for a long time. it it doesn't make too much sense. And I feel like the ability for quantum computers to work requires really isolated conditions that are not given to errors and not given to um success of scaling. Okay. Shannon answered these two questions by proving the fundamental theorems of information theory. The first theory theorem I guess he said Shannon's noiseless channel coding theorem This quantifies the physical resources required to store the output from an information source. The second fundamental theorem is called the noisy channel coding theorem which quantifies how much information is it is possible to reliably transmit through a noisy communications channel. Again, we're dealing with a lot of noise in quantum. It's kind of one of the most fundamental things. This is why Neielson is talking about this. to achieve reliable transmission in the presence of noise. Shannon showed that error correcting codes, this is what started the whole quantum rally, the the Google error correcting code work. Before this, all these stocks were penny stocks. Shannon showed that error correcting codes could be used to protect the information being sent out. Shannon's noisy channel coding theorem gives an upper limit on the protection afforded by error correcting codes. Unfortunately, Shannon's the theorem does not explicitly give a practically useful set of error correcting codes. From the time Shannon's uh papers today, researchers have constructed better classes of error correcting codes in an attempt to get closer to the limit set by Shannon's theorem. A sophisticated theory of error correcting codes now exists, offering the user a plethora of choices in their quest to design a good error correcting code. Such codes are used in multitude of places like CDs, modems, satellite communication systems. So when you scratch a CD, the music still plays because there's a bunch of error correctricing codes. But scratch it enough and you will um not be able to use it. Quantum information theory has followed similar developments. In 95, Ben Schumacher provided an analog to Shannon's noless coding theorem and in the process defined the quantum bit or cubit as a tangible physical resource. So 1995 cubit comes out as a term. However, no analog to Shannon's noisy channel that's noiseless versus noisy. No analog to the noisy channel coding theorem is yet known for quantum information. Nevertheless, in analogy to their classical counterparts, quantum error correcting codes have been developed which allows quantum computers to compute effectively in the presence of noise and also allows communication over noisy quantum channels to take place reliably. Notice this is in theory. At the time of this book, there is no there's barely any quantum computers at all. Okay. classical ideas of error correction have proved to be enormously important. In 96 uh in developing quantum codes um in 96 two groups Kerbank and Shore of course Peter Shore from Shor's algorithm and Andrew Stein another important name and cover uh discovered an important class of quantum codes now known as CSS codes after their initials. This work is since so C is cder uh CER bank and S is shore and S is steam CSS codes. This work has been subsumed by the stabilizer codes which are discovered by these other guys including shore by building upon the basic ideas of classical linear coding theory. These discoveries greatly facilitated a rapid understanding of quantum error correcting codes and their applications to quantum computing and quantum information. The theory of quantum error correcting codes was developed to protect quantum states against noise. Like the biggest part of this game, the whole industry focused on this. What about transmitting ordinary classical information using a quantum channel? How efficiently can this be done? Few surprises have been discovered. In 92, Benon and Weisner explained how to transmit two classical bits of information while only transmitting one quantum cubit from sender to receiver. A result known as super dense coding. Even more interesting are the results in distributed quantum communication. Imagine you have two computers trying to solve a particular problem. How much communication is required to solve that problem? Recently, it's been shown that quantum computers can require exponentially less communication to solve certain problems than would be required if the worked computers were classical. Unfortunately, there's no practical setting due to technical restrictions. A major challenge for the future of quantum computing is to find problems of real world importance. This is like the critical thing here. This is uh basically the the whole bare thesis in one shot here and I've talked to a lot of institutions and things like that. A major challenge for the future of quantum computing is to find problems of real world importance. That's the key. Real world importance that people will pay for. In other words, real world importance. for which quantum computation offers a substantial advantage over distributed classical computation. That's the key question. Mike and Ike is the standard standard book in quantum computing. There's no newer book that people use. Even though there are newer books that have been published, they're not used or taught with um one. Yeah, physics definitely hasn't changed. Although look, there have been important findings in quantum computing since then. But yeah, you you know use of a physicist or computer scientist are both Alejandro. This is the book. Trust me, man. This is the book. It's called Mike and Ike. is a legendary book. Um, you know, there's a there's a nice book by a quantum computing expert uh that my girlfriend's close with um named Scott Aronson. I believe Scott's one of the smartest people in the world. I've said this a few times in my Forbes list. He's he's as rich as Nvidia's CEO or something like this. And um his his blog's called stethyl optimized scott arrisons.blog land. Um and this is the book quantum computing since Democratus. I highly suggest you you get it. And um Scott, you know, is a theorist. He's not a practitioner. He doesn't uh make quantum computers, but he wrote this book in 2013. And he recommended Mike and Ike for the basics of quantum computing. You don't want to read his book for the basics of quantum computing. But it's a wonderful book that I highly recommend. So what are these problems of real world importance? Yeah, these are not none of this is light reading at all. I'm surprised we've gotten to page nine without dying, but page like 11 or 12 will one-shot us. A major challenge. Yeah, it's a great cover. Yeah, but you know, there's the famous saying Stockfish about Azimoff and and magic by Azimov about magic. Technology, you know, is indistinguishable from magic. Um, so I believe in quantum computing to some extent, but it Scott is the same way, but you know, we got to be intelligent about how we think about it. Scott's also very bearish on D-Wave, by the way. Um, yeah, let's check the sim check the simulation, please. Um, all right, let's return to information theory proper. But yeah, the big question is are there any problems of real world per importance that we need to that we need a quantum computer for? And my challenge to that question is I don't think so. [Music] Um this [ __ ] guy I think you know the problem with baggies is they know not what they do. If that makes sense. So here this is this is a from an MIT professor. So the question is how do you learn quantum computing? First learn quantum mechanics first learn linear algebra and probability and learn computing. But here's the a list of more resources to learn quantum computing. The canonical meaning canon. The canonical reference for learning quantum computing is the textbook quantum computation and quantum information by Neielson and Chong. Canonical. They still teach this with this book. He also mentions this book which is from 2002. Poor Bagahandro. No, Carl Sean was a pop scientist. It wasn't a real scientist. Stop the [ __ ] Carl Sean was was a was a poet. This isn't this isn't your chemistry textbook. But maybe you can email this guy here. Why don't you, Bahandra? Why don't you email this guy and tell him his website's wrong and that this isn't the best book for quantum computing? Please, please, let's email him, you know, let's let's get a better answer here. This is this guy, Professor Harrow. Let him know, man. He only teaches quantum computing at MIT. Maybe you could teach him what's going on. Meahandro. Hey, there's his phone number here. Here, call him up. You think Mike and I is outdated? Mike and I is not outdated. By the way, I have I have other books, too. Carl Sean was a joke. I hate to say it. He was a He was a good writer. Why now is the right time to study quantum computing? Here he wrote this thing. But you know, you could teach us how to study quantum computing instead. Please, please do. [ __ ] Bahandra are so useless. Quantum quantum quantum Aram Harrow works on the theory of quantum computing. He recommends this book. Look, there's nothing wrong with pop scientists. Neil Degrassi Tyson is another one. But the claim that they're the vanguard of science is incorrect. They're not even close. These guys are communicators. They're not. All right, let's keep reading. Let's return to the information theory paper. The study of information theory begins with the properties of a channel. In applications, we often do not deal with a single channel, but rather with networks of many channels. The subject of worked information theory deals with information carrying properties of such networks and is a rich and intricate subject. And by contrast, the study of worked quantum information is in its infancy. Even for very very basic questions, we know little about the information carrying capability of quantum channels. Oh, I should also mention that the field has the field the the industrial field of quantum computing had has had almost no progress since this book was published. I don't my point uh in shorting quantum is very much that there is no there are no practical or industrial applications. There's no actual problem that needs quantum computing. Several rather striking results have been found, but no unifying theory of worked information exists for quantum channels. One example of a network quantum information theory should suffice to convince you of the value that a good theory would have. Okay, this is an important concept. Um, I think most people know this, but maybe Bahandra doesn't. But this is bullish for you, Bahandra. This is one of the things that got me interested in in this field. Imagine that we are attempting to send quantum information from Alice to Bob through a noisy channel, a quantum channel. If that channel has zero capacity for quantum information, then it's impossible to reliably send any information from Alice to Bob. Instead, imagine that we consider two copies of the channel operate operating in synchrony. Intuitively, it is clear and can be rigorously justified that a channel that such channel also has zero capacity to send quantum information. However, if we reverse the direction of one of the channels, it turns out that sometimes we can obtain a nonzero capacity for the transmission of information to Alice and Bob. Counterintuitive properties like this illustrate the strange nature of quantum information. Better understanding these networks is a major open problem for quantum computation and information. Let's f switch fields one last time. So, we've done three three different fields. This is the fourth. Moving to ven the venerable old art and science of cryptography. Cryptography is the problem of doing communication or computation involving two or more parties who may not trust each other. The best known cryptographic problem is the transmission of secret messages. Before we get there, I want to show you this thing. If you have two very noisy channels with zero capacity running side by side, the combined channel is zero capacity. But if we reverse one of the directions, we still have zero capacity. But in QM, reversing actually allows us to send information. Okay, secret messages. Suppose two parties want to communicate in secret. You may want to get give your credit card number to a merchant, but you don't want third party like me intercepting your your credit card number. Um, this way uh the way we do this is cryptographic protocol. Um, and most uh uh the biggest difference or or systems that we're going to look at are private key and public key systems. Well, private key requires you share a key previously, you know, which only the two parties know. Um, the point is that the key is used by Alice to encrypt the information she wants to send to Bob and then Bob now recovers the initial information, but the information is dependent on the private key. So Bob needs to know the private key. Unfortunately, this is not a great system. Um, the most basic problem is how do you give the key to somebody? Key distribution problem is just as difficult as the original problem of communicating in private. a third party may get the key. Uh so one of the earliest discoveries in quantum and this is this is very bullish as well and very important was quantum mechanics can be used to do key distribution in such a way that Alice and Bob's security cannot be compromised. Um so I think most people know this but I'm going to uh continue here. This procedure is known as quantum cryptography or quantum key distribution. You might see the abbreviations QKD. The basic idea is to exploit quantum mechanical principle that observation in general disturbs the system being observed. This is the a key idea in quantum mechanics and kind of makes quantum computing impossible according to some people. So if there's an easedropper, listen again as Alice and Bob transmit their key. the presence of the easedropper will be visible as a disturbance of the communications channel. So this is the key idea of quantum communication that you can get a provably secure line. Of course this is somewhat interesting to governments and this is yeah one of the most fundamental principles. So Alice Bob can throw away those bits while the eavesdropper was listening and start over. The first quantum cryptographic ideas were proposed by Steven Weisner in the late 1960s but were not accepted for publication. This is an old field. In 84 Bennett and Brassard uh this BB84. So this is called BB84. Uh we looked at this um do you guys remember us looking at this? This is when we were looking at ion stuff. So since 1984 BB-84 has been out. So they built on Weisner's work and they proposed a protocol using QM to distribute keys without the possibility of any compromise. This has been used for decades and it's not a big field. So Ion Q kind of bought the leader in the field. They won't tell us how much revenue that company had. So they're buying the company to make up for the revenue that they don't have from their normal business. and they're hoping that that business, which isn't growing and which is old and shitty, is uh is is going to help them. We don't talk about Michael Bur or um Nancy Pelosi here. This isn't a channel for idiots, you know, there's plenty of other channels you can go to. Um go check that out. All right, the second major this is and this is the key part is the public key crypto system. Public key crypto systems don't rely on sharing the key advance. Instead, they publish a public key. So, you use the public key to encrypt a message, but a third party cannot use the key to decrypt. This is basic RSA, ECC, etc. Strictly speaking, we shouldn't say cannot because the encryption transformation is chosen in a way that it's extremely difficult but not impossible to invert uh given the knowledge of the public key. The secret key uh the private key uh enables him to easily perform the decryption but it's not known to anybody else. So you can be confident that even though the encrypted message is public and the public key is public, you cannot decrypt the message. uh nobody has that kind of computational power. It would take you millennia or or billions of years even to decrypt some of these messages. We talk about this sometimes in my Discord. There's a guide that claims the NSA can decrypt RSA 2048, which I strenuously disagree with. Um, okay. So, public key photography did not achieve widespread use until the very very famous Whitfield Diffy and Martin Helman and Ralph Merkel created the Merkel tree revolutionized the field of cryptography and then Riv Shamir and Adelman developed RSA cryptosystem. This was one of the most important advances in all of humanity I would argue. Um Riv is an MIT professor still still teaches uh cryptography um uh course and he's of course behind he's the R in CRPS or is it CRPS the famous algorithms book [Music] um yeah I agree with um oh my god we've been talking about quantum so much we didn't even look at the stock market Christ 20%. What the f? Nvidia. Oh my god, this is crazy. So, Nvidia's traded 17 million shares. That's number one. But look at number two. QBT Quantum Computing Inc. up 23%. What the? 10 million shares. Why? Who cares about this company? Archer Aviation is number three. Apple and Tesla are four and five normal companies, but we are living in a bubble world here. Plug Power is a penny stock, so it doesn't really count. Regetti, D-Wave, three quantum in the top 10. How crazy is this? Unbelievable. Super Micro, Alphabet, Amazon, Bank America, Palanteer, AMD, all trading quite a lot today. But quantum is the major story here. Um, Bank America down 50 basis points as Buffett has sold some evidently. AMD up 2%. UNH down 20 basis points. Had a bit of a recovery yesterday, but still not a stock that I trust. Fizer flat, Intel flat, AMD, uh, AT&T flat, Nova Nordisk firing their CEO, the Ompic maker in a bit of a slow period, changing out the leader there. Alphabet up 3%. Microsoft down 70 basis points. Uh Cisco down a percent. And that's really it on the most traded gainers. Of course, we have QUBt, which reported a stunning $39,000 of revenue. There are Uber drivers who had a better Q1 than Quantum Computing Inc. Think about that. Um, Reenel, a manipulated Chinese stock with a low float, is also up. Regetti up uh 8%. Which, uh, is also a company that had a down 50% quarter year-over-year, which is not growth, in case anybody's wondering. That is shrinking, not growth. Growth is when things go up. Uh, but we're living in this strange world right now. Aadia is up 7%. We should check that out. There's D-Wave up 7%. Stunning stunning insanity in the markets today. INQ up 5%. That's Bahandra's favorite constantly underperforming the rest of the quantum stocks. But no matter Losers, Globent, Travier, this is the company I started now at a 1.5 billion market cap after the FDA announces they want to talk things over at the adcom. Halon down 13%. Toyota down 13%. Is that right? Is Toyota down? No. Okay. Honda's down. Toyota is not down 13%. That was a a misfire. Um, Masoblast down 5%. There's Novo down 4%. Ivance down 4%. Not too many losers today by value. Let's take a look here. Top 10 is normal companies. Nvidia, Tesla, Meta, Apple, UNH, Microsoft, Alphabet, Amazon, Alphabet again of course, Palanteer, Netflix, AMD, Broadcom, Coinbase, AAT, Lily, Super Micro Strategy, Bergkshire, Alibaba, Charter, Costco, Adobe, Novo, and JP Morgan. Thank God no quantum um because you know obviously the value traded is is the amount of cash traded in a stock. shares traded, which is known as just volume. That's kind of a different metric because stock prices are varying greatly in price. So, um, AAT down 5%. That's, uh, unusual and concerning. Let's see what's going on there. They reported. Okay, so negative reaction there to AAT's quarter. Not good for Nvidia, I would think. or TSM or the whole ecosystem. But, you know, maybe what's wrong with AAT is not what's wrong with everyone else, but that would be normally a deep cause for concern or the market not concerned at all. So, we'll see. Coinbase didn't exactly get hacked, but regardless, um I'm sure we'll see Quantum Fade here today, but the market's flat. Market is flat. um really struggling on this quantum trade, but we will you have to have more than $25,000 or something like that. Shum, I forgot what it was. 30,000. So, as long as you have more than 25 or 30K, you don't have to. pattern day trading doesn't apply to you after that amount. Yeah, Qubt may be the best short now. It's very close between D-Wave and QBT, but QBT basically doesn't isn't a business, right? As of today, I would agree it's the best short in the market. Um, I mean, $39,000 business is not worth How much would you pay for a company that loses money has $39,000 of of revenue? It's it's a it's a rough pretty rough uh what's the value of that? Maybe not even a million dollars. Yeah, you'd have to pay 1.5 billion for this because it has the word quantum in it. Um, pretty wild. Yeah, it makes me wonder if I should make Goodell quantum information, quantum business information, take it public, get a big stock price, raise as much money as I I can make everyone a bag holder, just do ATM after ATM like D-Wave, Codell, and then do what Ionq did, which is buy real companies. I do a better job than them because they're buying kind of bad companies, but by real companies with the shares I printed. That's the game plan for Ioniq. At least the shareholders none the wiser. Um, Anthony, I mean, look, Bronty, Bronty still is in business and still is doing well. He's actually got one of the best track records out there. I've I've had uh both a friendmy situation with him, an enemy situation with him, and a bromance situation with him. So, he's a weird guy. Uh, you got to check over your sentences, Luca, before you you type in because I don't know what that means. You will need to do delete the VOD. No, Josh, I don't think so. Yeah, the warrant accounting may be confusing some bag holders, but do you want to live in a world where warrant accounting confuses stockholders? I would say yes, I would like that because I would make free money. But careful what you wish for. You get enough irrationality in the market, you may be the one getting carried out. No, Coreweave is uh is a huge GPU company. You know, they're basically Nvidia's biggest customer. You know, I I'd prefer if they had uh quite a bit less debt, but that's another story. John, we we use Goodell over here. Yahoo Finance is not ideal. It doesn't have detailed quarterly estimates like Goodell. Take a look at this. These are these are the Amgen quarterly estimates. This is from Faxet. It's a lot better than Yahoo. Yeah, Fiser needs to get rid of their CEO. So, yeah, it's it's it's much faster. No ads, easier to use. Yeah, Kayn, there's definitely some post scarcity bubble scraped, my man. We pay faxet. scraped. No, we can tell Stockfish because we can tell what drives the estimates. I'm trying to figure out what that means. Wall Street puts out the estimates. No, Lenny, we are gonna make some. You know, I'm not the biggest fan of 13Fs, but I know a lot of people like to look at them. So, we're gonna make something called portfolio search, so you can search your favorite 13Fs and view them in a interesting way. I do look at holders lists occasionally. Um, but I do want to uh provide you with every tool possible, so it's it's it's close. It's getting there. We're gonna Yeah. So published earnings estimates are different from anything else. So these are these are what form the consensus estimates. So an analyst sort of submits and publishes that that's a that's an important concept because that that's kind of what Wall Street looks at as the consensus. For example, there is an expectation uh that um qubt would do 100k 100k in revenue and they missed that. like they did 30K. So they missed the Wall Street estimates. Short interest is just SI. So of course, you know, we have short interest. It's just the ticker SI or the the command SI. You can see the short interest for QBT has been rising dramatically. Same thing with ION Q. Most of Wall Street is betting against ION Q. Um about a billion dollars are short ION Q. So there you have it. Yeah, we're going to adjust that. What? It's early days for God still. Yeah, guidance is a good idea. I think that's a really good idea. Come, it's not a bad idea, Lov. But the problem is you don't know me. I I don't capitulate. I don't I don't fear a short squeeze regardless. You're supposed to fade the crowd, but not always. I don't think Merk's replacing Kuda anytime soon. It's going to be a rough one. But what are they going to do? I mean, they shouldn't overlever just to keep earning smooth. That doesn't make sense either, right? Shorts are bag holders too sometimes. Absolutely. Look at the Tesla shorts. I I I think Urbal Life was a I think herbal life was to me a true short bag holder is somebody who shorts a stock and it becomes like a huge great company because that's really the opposite of being long a stock and it becomes a a zero or penny stock. Yeah, of course, Paul. That's the That's the uh That's the issue. Andreas, uh yeah, they don't really have a business. I mean, this isn't a company. These guys did beverages two years ago, right? And they just decided to change their name to Quantum Computing. No, I think that uh uh Aman's pretty good. Okay, we'll we'll fix that. Anthony. Yeah, that must be annoying. [Music] So, let's let's look at AAP. I'd read more quantum computing stocks, but uh or books, but uh yeah, Teemo could be a great short, Jeff. Yeah, I like that idea a lot. But I think the market's probably You got to think the market is on to that, right? I mean, sure, Nathaniel. I'm working on a bunch of updates. A little see some stuff soon. Oh my god, this short squeeze or whatever this is. This long squeeze so painful. When it ends, it'll be ugly. It'll ruin shorts and lungs. Nobody will be left standing. Yeah. The question is some of these universities have the money to see it through, right? So it's like, okay, is Harvard gonna cut back? You know, maybe I haven't been waiting for six months. Mustafa. Mustafa, you're starting to piss me off, buddy. When you talk to me, you talk to me with respect. This is your first rodeo. It ain't mine. been around, seen a lot of faces, been a lot of places, right? This is nothing compared to the.com bubble. Should have been there. Do com bubble was wild. This is This is tame compared to the.com bubble. I was short the do bubble. Sean was more of a poet than a scientist. Yeah, it's a baby bubble. The We've had other baby bubbles like weed. Weed stocks were a baby bubble. 3D printing. There were a couple baby bubbles, but the.com bubble took the whole stock market with it. Every stock was overvalued. Every stock, the market went down 20% three years in a row, bro. Oh, that was the [ __ ] for short seller. That washed everyone out. Yeah, I've checked FX and commodities. That killed everybody. Only people left were like only the smartest [Music] investors. But you know, that's why like if you were running a hedge fund, this is a impossible environment because the market's not being rational. You are measured on monthly performance. So what do you do? What do you do? You're being paid millions to pick stocks. Do you sit there and say, "I can't pick any stocks. There's nothing making sense." Can't Can't really do that, can you? So, I have a friend who's down 20% this year. He's got a multi-billion dollar hedge fund. You just go with the trend against everything you believe. You just say when in Rome. Yeah. It forces this extremely long short-term outlook where you can't really do anything. It's it's a look, I don't envy anybody running a hedge fund. [ __ ] Mustafa with his [ __ ] absurd takes. I think it's just a it's a question of mismatch. If your investors expect monthly results, then you have to give them monthly good monthly results. If they if you tell them judge me by my annual results I'm going to have a lot of volatility monthtomonth then you should just tell them that yeah maybe reef I don't know that could be it we don't always know monthly results require either a very diversified portfolio though or you have to accept some some variability of results. There's only a few funds ever that have had that like clockwork result. Millennium being one of them. And nobody would invest with you, money master. Please don't ask me questions like that again. Even Renaissance has had bad periods. Renaissance had a couple very bad months. Renaissance almost blew up like twice. So, Renaissance is a quant fund. It's mostly market making. Yeah. I mean, I'm not going to buy I'm not going to buy bubble stocks just because they're going up, you know? I'm not going to compromise my strategy. because I see some dumb thing going up. Buffett didn't do it in 99 and 2000. People begged him to invest in all kinds of [ __ ] He refused. Buffett has shorted Nothing wrong with shorting. This must off dude. I think you got to find a new channel, buddy. You know, I I don't mind well thoughtout comments, but you just giving me verbal diarrhea. Hedge fund managers don't really get paid if they're down. So, that's kind of the the good part about that system. Fggins, if you don't understand what I'm doing, you you probably don't belong here. This is just basic Wall Street work. They still they still do get the fee, but that is true. I have a lot of favorite numbers, but that's a more of a math question. So, when we do a little math, we can talk about that. The management fee varies greatly. Not too many guys are getting 2%. Yeah. If you're a PM, you're probably getting fired, right? Management fee is is all over the place. Everybody has a different fee and a fee philosophy. Some guys don't even have a fee. They pass through every expense. It's a wild. Okay. Okay. So, what do say revenue is up 7%. Okay. He said despite dynamic me that's a euphemism dynamic economic and trade environment despite the dynamic economic and trade environment we have not seen significant changes to customer demand and are well equipped to navigate evolving conditions with our robust global supply chain and diversified manufacturing footprint as the next quarter will 7.2 billion plus - 500 streets at 7.1. So yeah, I don't know why AMA's down. I don't know if they the world expect more or not. What's up, Humphrey? You have a Kanye guy. Great, right? Love to hear it. Yes, is a good long I don't know too much about sooie. I know some people like it. No hedge on D-Wave. It's going to a dollar. It's just a scam company. New bag holders being made every day. Yes, we'll see, Mac. We'll see. And, you know, it could go to 20 before it goes to one. That does happen. I haven't looked at Crystal lately. I don't know how to feel about coreweave wealth management is just brokerage. I don't think I'd ever short Palunteer. I do think there's probably a price where I would, but it's probably like 500 or something. I like Palanteer. Yeah, I have to log in. Hold on one sec. Mike can't imagine it's pretty. But that's why I played the Chris Hone video yesterday. You know, this this guy is not looking at P&L, right? He's he's that's why he's worth seven billion. He doesn't uh worry about trivial things like what where's the stock market going or something like that. I still like Don. Yeah, Don's trading your cash. I'm not a big Nebius fan. It's kind of like a me too core reef. You cannot fix you can you can easily not fixate on P&L. Just minimize it. Don't look at it. Don't pay attention to it. Focus on on what you and what you're worried about. Did you watch the video yesterday with us? Mag. Yeah, it it's worth watching the video. Yeah, I'll find it. Hold on. By the way, I mean, multiple different [Music] um multiple different styles can work in different markets. And often times the style that works for one market doesn't work for another. I'm Nicolola Tangan and today we are joined by one of the best investors of all time actually Sir Chris Horn. Not only is this fund TCI one products in it, you know your your applications word processing Excel that is a bank. Not the bank. I've um yeah what but what kind of valuation metrics do you you don't understand everything and usually the things you find out are are bad at a at a at a good rate you will undervalue it if you look at it to to a high degree of accuracy you can just say which is why um you can and the longer you look out the harder it is so you know we were we don't do we rarely short but we were bought wire card. Yeah, I know. Of of shareholders back and said we have to cut the price in half and pay in cashable because if you can price 1% above inflation and in effect Yeah. and uh and high returns weak competition. Later business will give you a bond like a list of companies we um high quality and investable editor enters um they can add it to the bundle. It isn't all search but search is is that the barriers are so strong it will be you don't understand everything and usually the things you find out port current portfolio is 8 years 8 years yeah that's yeah 8 years is 8 years average holding period of our port current portfolio is 8 years 8 years yeah that's yeah 8 years I'm not saying that's the limit it's just uh the we've on average some we've held for 13 years some new investments like G aerospace 2 years but the average weighted would be 20 I mean you know it's just like they do nothing they we we really um you know if you are in the private equity world that's normal yeah up or longer 12 years yeah as as you know which founder Mike and So there's a couple of founders of Jane Street and and so we we it's a it's an overused expression for some or misused. we take a private equity approach maybe at at a very uh though I really think you you need to have that a long-term valuations DCF the most important things but here's the thing is is the the um the longer you can look out if you've got a great we own Moody's yes growth over 100 years long number yeah and and then I even bought chairs Warren Buffett 15% what did I doubled compound 500 value absolutely and and the growth because go what you're doing so really good nugget here is that if you buy something which is really good it doesn't quite matter what you pay for it because it will grow secondary over a long uh well I say the let's just say it like this the multiple to a point yeah whether you I think the important one of the reasons you want to avoid something like technical analysis is people like this won't take you seriously. You know, they won't even talk to you for 30 seconds by buy it. It if it's growing, it's all maths. Yep. You've got to look at the growth rate, the terminal multiple, the all the mult. And if you're if you're willing to hold it for a long heard you say that there are more good companies in the public market than in a private market that um are the ones that aren't as good people. So even if you don't prove yourself to be the best trader in the world, at least you can get a job. Are you sure? I mean, how do you how do you what do you base what you don't? Let's dig into it. Let's dig into it. I know it upsets people who are private equity. I happen to think that large companies, they have more money to compete. Y and um D Yep. And um a and switching costs. We think it's an a a small company that invents something new. We talked about Zoom. It can be crushed by a large company reasonably easily. They can copy and large companies are usually Yeah. No, you get my That's right, Mag. But I'm just talking about all of Wall Street, not just working for Chris Hone, which is not easy, you know. Too big for private equity. Private equity is too big for them. Yep. And if a public company is selling a and I'd say um is prone to where they are incentivized to gather markets I believe are better than the top 100 companies company when it's a view of intrinsic value there are two components to it if you like intrinsic value yeah so the price still has to be at or above at or below intrinsic value. But there's a second point which isn't you lose faith sometimes. Yeah. And what does that mean? You could call it confidence. What does that word mean? Because [Music] this G-wave the whole space and you can be wrong. Okay. And so I think if like let's say you you you have some percentage of your portfolio you want to allocate to shorting quantum, I'd say I'd be whatever that maximum amount is. I'd be sort of like 75 to 90% of that maximum. You got to leave still a little bit more room, but this should be pretty close to the last gasp. We'll see. Again, you got to be prepared for anything in the stock market. My one of my first investments uh when I worked in uh Bane Capital B control billion euro valuation and then went to zero. It was a yellow pages company. When I first invested the internet didn't exist and so the your risk of being wrong are higher. Technology is one of those areas. Absolutely. But if I own an airport Yeah. that is or a toll road. Let's take a that we own. I'm less likely to be wrong than if I own a retailer. Yeah. My my chances of being wrong be are are less because I have physical asset backing substitution risk. So, um the thesis is much more obvious. Yeah. because so the um yeah I mean I'm sorry to interrupt um trying to find this for ASW but ASW the the problem with technical analysis is that people think it's a it people think it's a there's no a priori reason to believe that it it has any movement in markets. So I'll give you an example. I'm going to list um 10 I don't know 10 or 20 stocks here. Okay, I can actually pick um here's 10 random numbers and I can basically say well Amazon is my long because you know this told me that Amazon's my long and the problem is that uh well no I don't think it's disrespectful uh Greek name Beijian bukat talk or whatever um I think that Uh it's a common misconception. I part of this channel is to help people avoid pitfalls. Um Amazon is my number one stock because of my algorithm, let's say. Well, the problem is if you if you put this algorithm, which is just a random number algorithm, which TA is basically as well. Well, there's 10 there's 10 stocks here and 10 people employing this algorithm. Someone's going to be right. And someone's going to say, "Well, my algorithm is working. Yours isn't. you're losing money. But of course, nobody has a perfect algorithm or heristics or anything. So if you say, well, I'm I'm up, you know, etc. Well, there's monkey throwing darts, astrology, rolling dice. I mean, you could use the name of the company as a seed uh to try to um divine the future. It it's people have tried everything but you have to do p value statistics etc before you can determine whether or not you know there is a um a causality and repeatability. So think what what quants do is very different. So quants are quants are not using technical analysis. Um I'll give you a few examples. So one of the major quant strategies and again stat statistical significance is really important. Um, he only had he has only a cat to ask what are you talking about? Do you want to hear what I have to say or do I have to stop and address every single person? Bless you. So anyway, um getting back to uh the point. So you know, here's here's a quant strategy market making. No, I'm asking you what you meant when you said he has only a cat to ask. I I really wanted to know what that meant. Ah, okay. Got it. All right. So, market making is a is a mean reversion strategy. It's a short-term strategy. doesn't really work with with um technicals. It's a um it's an idea of a trade-off of liquidity versus price. The person pressing the market is trading off liquidity for price. You're trading off your liquidity for a better price. And that's why there's a systematic return to market making. Um well banks do market making with their so-called natural flow. So natural flow is customers. What's evolved in market making and why the quantitative market makers have taken a lot of market share um not all of it but quite a lot of it is is such that they are doing market making without any natural flow. So when 72 goes to Morgan Stanley and says, "I want to buy a million shares of the stock." Yes, Morgan Stanley is going to price them on market. But Jane Street's not doing any of that. They don't have any natural flow. They're just just trading. Um so anyway, um so this is a strategy that's not really technically based. It's kind of more arbitrary. Um so there yeah Milan of course you know any any strategy that can show a p value. So basically the point of any systematic strategy is a really simple point which is prove it right you know codify it and prove it which is what quants do all day right that is a basic 101 no I follow because you're you're you're trying to be beta neutral So if you can't prove it whether it's back testing or forward testing then you know it's not worth anything. So when quants try to find a [Music] uh when quants try to find a strategy generally they're trying to see number one an empirical reason I'm sorry number one they're trying to find a logical reason why the algo should work. And this is important idea because algorithms shouldn't work for no reason, right? If you just find an algorithm in the sea of data that works, it's probably something uh uh called a spirious correlation or a back fit or curve fit or something that's uh just not going to repeat itself. So there's a lot of uh you could set any machine to do this and it it's not going to repeat itself. This is a very classic problem in back testing. Um and there's a lot of reasons as to why but they're basic basic reasons. Um so the logical reason no 400 samples over three years does not count. I would never use that one. because you're you're talk you know depending on your holding rate and stuff like that you're talking about 400 samples chosen out of 100 million events. So that's just cherrypicking. Anybody can find a signal like that. And if it's only for one specific stock that doesn't make any sense either. Whatever would work for one stock should work for every other stock. So that's an example of of kind of like a bad bad algorithm. If you have a system, it's not hard to reduce it to um yeah, that's just not enough sample. If you have a system, it's not hard to reduce it to words, right? Like it should be should be able to take your system and write down what is it that I do? When I see this, I do that. when I do this, I do that. And you just write it down and turn it into code. If you're if you've been successful so far, you can afford to do this, right? It's not hard to do. And then go see if your system actually would make money if you employed it across the whole stock market all the time. And you'll probably find out that it doesn't and that it's something else that's making you money. It's maybe your judgment. You know, it's could be something that you can't put a finger on. It's a talent. You know, many times it's a talent. Um, but it's likely not to be, you know, this this uh system you have. Just give me a moment. I got to take care of a couple things here. Nothing's impossible in the market. So again, this goes back to like some of the cassava stuff we were talking about with multiple errors or multiple comparisons, corrections. You cannot take multiple cuts of a data set and assign a p value after the fact. because otherwise we can move the goalposts that suit us, right? The goalpost that matters is the the one that we set before we look at the data. Um AI does teach a lot of these concepts. Um overfitting is the major sin in AI. Oh boy, you guys can hear me? Yeah, I think you can hear me. uh overfitting is the um major sin in AI. So um you know we we see that in the stock market too. But yeah look in in 2000 Soros and Julian Robertson both kind of quit the stock market because it was too crazy. I have an old interview in fact I think I have it in godell. put it purposefully in Godell. Let me think here. I think it's in here. You have to go back way back. But let me see if it's in here. There it is. It's called The Tiger in Winter and it's here in in Godell. It was it was early in 2000 and for more than a year, Julian Robertson had refused to waver in his conviction that the delirious runup in internet, telecom and technology stocks had no basis in reality and was doomed to collapse. And he issued warning after dire warning. But amid the tech stock surge, the his old fangled Tiger Management hedge funds had declined about 40% since the end of 1997 and total assets had shrunk 70%. Since late the following year, rumors were rampant that he was liquidating positions. So on March 30, 2000, the person who many would argue was the greatest investor of his generation closed his $6 half billion dollars in hedge funds, returned his money to remaining investors. Of course, Robertson, like the similarly ignored Cassandra, was dead right. As it happened, he shuttered his funds merely a matter of weeks after the NASDAQ peaked. It would turn out to be the greatest stock market bubble of the 20th century. The NASDAQ plummeted 71% since that peak. So, we've had retail investors pile into the market. We've had index funds. You know, it's it's definitely nuts. I think I think you have to have a little bit of both both columns, right? You have to stay liquid, that's for sure. Stop losses can be your friend in in markets like this. Help you avoid losing money. Mygo has a thing called uh cool down. So I think you know if you're if you're in a trade and the trade's going out against you, you get out of the trade and force yourself to wait a few days and see how you feel. I think I'm down 25%. Yes. Yeah. WT81. That's that's the point, you know, is that the this isn't the first bubble like this. But we only call it bubbles because we get the irrationality and we get it in both directions. The longs get high on the bubble. They think it'll never end. the music will never stop. The party will continue forever. The shorts get the pain and there tends to be a max pain phenomenon. Where the longs don't sell at the top. If anything, they they buy more somehow. The shorts tend to capitulate at the top, which they think is not the top because they think it's just going to keep going up, but they they have to capitulate at some point because they get frustrated. Um, and so they throw in the towel before maybe they're insolvent or maybe they're forced to throw in the towel because they become insolvent. But either way, the longselate that and think it's more fuel for success. But eventually there's a top and eventually the stocks all crash because there's no business. Um, so That's that's kind of where we're at. And the question is where on that curve are we? Yeah, it's funny. I have a knack for understanding science and especially very technical scientific investments. So, quantum is perfect for me. Um, like I don't get scared at something complicated like that or gene therapy or whatever. I I can dig it and that gives me a little bit of an edge in that market. But you know when irrationality wants to visit these markets I'm happy because the mispricings are there but you also have to be strong enough to [Music] um hold it and not get shaken out. All right, let's look at this clean spark cl this bitcoin mining. Yikes. Well, Matans, I mean, people are giving me [ __ ] for being down 25. So, responsible is in the eye of the beholder. And yes, the the question of like imagine having a bunch of investors, your investors sit there and uh say they start questioning they said maybe this guy's not so great. Maybe he's not that good. Jim was one of the best to ever do it. I don't know if the best. There's a lot of people that are similar to Simons. I'm not a big UNH fan. We may get the Capricorn crapor and uh immune trade soon. So that's hopefully going to be good. Okay. Yeah. Bag seven rally. Yeah, of course. We saw the Novo Novo news. Yeah, sometimes you can feel it in your stomach. Anyway, Yeah, I don't think you should look at UNH. I don't think it's going to help you. No, there's nothing in the Q QBT earnings that was relevant at all. But now you guys know how I felt about D-Wave when DWave did the same thing. It's just madness. Oh, really? There's a subreddit. Let's go. Ao, the algorithms get turned on right around now. NASA contract. What NASA contract? They got $39,000, buddy. There's no NASA contract. Yeah, Milan. Totally. It's absurd new market. Staying in cash would have been very smart. Let me BRB and get some water. Don't go anywhere. We got more carnage coming up. Okay, we're back. Thanks for being here. Forward testing is just um my mom wants me to not drink this anymore. Only drink Poland Spring because this has uh microplastics. The rumor is that the NASA subcontractor, it's a subcontractor, hired hired QCI to do like a very simple programming job that didn't have anything to do with quantum. And they didn't hire them again. QCI is quantum computing inc which is QBT. looking at Gilead here. Sometimes, you know, the best thing to do in markets like this is focus on real companies. Don't don't worry about the crazy companies, although I can't help it. That might be better for you. Uh John Paulson still a gold bull. Yeah, he's he's he's a little early on that trade, but it is working. I'm back, [ __ ] I don't think the algorithms are that stupid. trade because you could just look at cash flow. Don't trade ETFs, please. Ser is just a cheap drug company. They they're sort of botching their launch of their latest medicine, but the market's probably overfocused on that. Thanks, Alex. Scam Aahandro, bro. INQ is a scam. I I can't believe you can't see it. You're just married to one position. The INQ acquisitions should be your hint that there's something wrong here. Some Ting Wong. Don't worry about Bur Milo's a friend. Alejandra got to call in, buddy. You got to call in. We need you. My My wife My wifey is concerned that I talk about this Alejandro so much. She's wondering what who is this Alejandro? Is this How come I can't meet him? Where is he? Is he real? What are you hiding from me, Martin? Sitting there hanging out with her, having the time of my life. Supposed to be having the time of my life, but I'm sitting there fists clenched. [ __ ] Alejandro. She says, "What's wrong? Is he somebody from prison that you met?" No. Then who is he? Don't worry about it. Why don't you open up to me? I can't can't talk to you about it. Can't talk to anybody about it. It's funny like part of the the weird parasocial relationship with baggies. There was this one stock um I wonder if you can still find my old messages. This is a long time ago. This company is called Caiti Therapeutics. Okay. So, I was short this stock. Um, it's a long time ago and see if I can find the stock. So, this So, this was uh around here 2010 reverse split. Okay. I was short at $900,000. $900,000. Okay. Now it's at 44 cents. I want you to do the math. This is more fidelity than ion's gates. 44 cents. Was that top? It actually looks like it topped at one. I wasn't short back here, but was at 1 million 875. So this stock was down. This reminds me of Ion Q. Fagahandra. So you should watch this. The stock is down 99.99995%. Okay. And so I used to go on the message boards because I want to know who is long the stock and there's nobody on Wall Street long the stock just like Quantum, right? And um but I found some people who are long the stock on message boards. And man, those guys made fun of me like I was crazy. And uh these guys, they pivoted from their original business. But their original business, in fact, you can find my you can find my old paper on it. These people media really didn't like me. I wonder if Wonder if I can find it. Ah, here it is. Caiti. So let's see when I published this stock March 19th, 2012. I've had a lot of prior wins, buddy. A lot. And this just is the same to me. All right. So, here's Oh, man. Look at Look at the top. Look at the top picker. No, I didn't pick the top. March 19th, 2012. Okay. Right. Right around here. I think that was the date at least. Yeah, makes sense. So, it was $272,000 a share. Notice it didn't really collapse until 2014. So it took about two years to really fall apart. Uh it's not really 37% institutionally owned. You got to be careful with uh the numbers you're looking at. because it's it's guys like um you don't really pay much short interest fees. In fact, you're supposed to get paid to short because you're generating cash. Yeah, I wouldn't I wouldn't use that website. But yeah, there's no actual stockholders of IO on Q on Wall Street. So there's Vanguard and BlackRock, which are you got you have to look at it a different way. Okay, so Vanguard and Black Rockck are indexers, so they don't count. The quants are are long because they're short the calls. They're market makers. So Morgan Stanley probably has this is E Trade, by the way. So they wrap up into Morgan Stanley. UBS has somebody that owns the stock, two and a half million shares, but they have almost no institutional holders. There's nobody with the brain that's sitting there and saying, "I like Ionq fundamentals." Everybody who has the brain is short it. But you can't find a single stockholder that's like, "I like this stock. This is a good stock." that is not, you know, there just nobody there. Short interest doesn't really, in my opinion, make a difference to the stock price. You can do back testing on that. So anyway, I want to read you about this company. I'll read you a little bit. The company had 2 million in revenue uh a quarter. Does that remind you of anybody? about eight million a year in revenue. This is a big part of the regenerative medicine movement. I said regenerative medicine is a meaningless and embarrassing buzzword. It means nothing. Medicine is medicine. Using cells to as a therapy is not a new idea. So regenerative is kind of this unnecessary and redundant concept. um they use what they think are caliovascular stem cells, but they're they're they're not. Um they they used fat cells, and they took the fat from the patient, centrifuged it, and cell sorted until they had quote unquote pure stem cells. Then they injected those pure stem cells in whatever place they needed to inject them to. But there's no proof that any of it worked. And of course, the company went bankrupt. These are some of my shorts. Neoprobe went from five to two, Ankothyon 10 to five, Aanir 4 to2 molast also went down the best short in the world period. Uh I was long uh biomearin. This one worked out in the end. This one worked. Human Genome worked. Star scientific worked. AIO worked. Ampio is a crazy stock. and mankind worked. This is my 2011 2012 period of shorting. You guys saw cassava and glectin and all that. Yeah, I like farm farming. Yeah, just just uh No, those are from 10 15 years ago. I don't still write on Seeking Alpha, but hey, Ari, what's up, man? A little bizarre. Oh, yeah. I know this. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So, a lot of rare disease companies are interested in ENMPP1. It's it's it makes a lot of sense. I don't know if it's a good drug or not. I do remember a Casty I had a friend who was like a big big stockholder of that one and he just really liked that company and it just never never worked out. They were like a spin out of another company, right? They became Grace Therapeutics. Oh, they mer they did a reverse merger. Uh, tutor operates a a decentsized quan operation, so I don't think he is long, but it's possible. Never know. Yo, thanks for the news. Maybe Aspire. What? Some penny stock. What the [ __ ] Yeah, William. I I can't wait either. Meanwhile, their CEO is like hustling so hard to get revenue. No, Matans. I didn't Hey, what does Frenchie think? We got to find that that Jensen clip. That was the greatest thing ever. Yes. So good uh a processor where to millions of cubits products I think we all agree here that you engineer but there's a lot of progress I think also this technology yeah all right so a little bit about we have a lot of hairy problems here all right so thank you yeah Lloyd go ahead Yeah. Yeah. Thank thanks for that Paul and to other to our tech ions. Um it's going technology and providing go ahead. Thanks Jensen. So uh we are a superconducting company similar to Regetti. Uh we believe that superconducting provides the best balance between cubit fidelity or the quality of the cubits and gate speeds time to compute. But we're actually quite unique from everybody else on this panel and pretty much everybody else in the industry because we use analing technology as opposed to gate model technology. Um without going into the details, annealing is a much easier technology to work with. It's easier to scale. it's much less sensitive to noise and errors and probably the best uh proof point for that was in a paper that we published in uh use that. So you would use idea would be that you would use the quantum computer to create the hashing function and you would use the quantum computer to validate the hashing function and we now have this running on um this could be a very interesting much lower energy consumption approach to blockchain. Mhm. You know, every time that that somebody in the quantum computing industry achieves a milestone, it stirs up a fair amount of of um controversy among the others. Did you stir up any controversy in your achievement? Uh Jensen knows that exactly that that they did that nobody believed their paper. So just just watch again with Jensen's sarcasm here. a fair amount of of computing industry. You know, every time that that somebody in the quantum computing industry achieves a milestone, it stirs up a fair amount of of um controversy among the others. Did you stir up any controversy in your achievement? Um because at the at the moment I think it's I think the the the achievement to controversy ratio is is literally one to one. So, so the answer to the question is that I've received a lot of um positive feedback from my colleagues in the industry. Just it was exactly like me when I did that having that that that having it was exact of um positive feedback from my colleagues in the industry. just was exactly like me when I did. That having that that that having been said and only since you asked and I don't like to name names, but I will um there there uh was a paper that came out of some researchers at the Flat Iron Institute in New York. Flat Iron is paid for by Jim Simons. Rest in peace. Um this is a really solid research team. uh and what they were able to do was advance the state-of-the-art on a classical computation in tensor networks and what they've been able to do is to show that for the smallest instances that we computed which we also computed classically on GPU clusters they could do it a little bit faster now they made some claims about how that undermines the results but uh not at all I mean we computed multiple lattice lattice now yeah that's terrific So, so um I guess I guess the you know the question that that that uh stirred up stirred up a fair amount of of excitement uh is is really about you know what is the definition of usefulness uh of quantum computing and and when do we when do we when do we expect that before we answer to when do we expect that maybe we'll build up to it um you know what are some of the early applications you think and and we'll start back in Mikuel again. What are some of the early applications you think that'd be worthy of uh the endeavor of a quantum computer? Number one and number two, you know, how do you define usefulness? So maybe I will start kind of things but we are seeing application more wood also what fidelity how used is built effect of a quantum instrument. Oh, this is this is the the ultimate instruments in indust swing at uh one of the thing one of the areas that I do wonder is whether quantum computing um is just simply poorly positioned and let me take a swing at it. You know there there's a there are so many things in an industry which is built on fundamental sciences and and quantum computers in its broadest sense can be the ultimate instrument for understanding the basic sciences that affects that industry. However, because it was described as an as a quantum computer instead of a quantum instrument, people have a mo a notion about what a computer is. You know, it should be able to run Excel super fast and and you know that you know that every every respect respectable computer should be able to run Crisis the game and and so there's a there's a there's a common sense about what a computer is. They they definitely don't get the crisis reference and that's attached to memory. It's attached to network. It's got storage. should be able to read and write and there's a programming model associated with a computer that I wonder I wonder if it's just a wrong wrong mental model and as a scientific instrument is extraordinary Mikuel as you say and that the opportunity to understand science deeper along the way is extraordinary but the position it as a quantum as a computer per se um and to hold it to the standards of a computer per se that we all understand you know what is you know I wonder if that that could be a reframing and allows allows this entire industry to be uh much further along frankly in that reframing as a as an as a scientific instrument for very important industries and go ahead. Yeah. So this was a very this annoyed everybody on the panel. a few people nodded at their heads, but this was like I do think uh there's something really critical about this concept because we think about somebody mentioned vonoyman. Um, look, NMR, NMR, it's a really important scientific concept. It's based on quantum mechanical properties or effects. And NMR, you know, it's it's it's still it's used every day. It's very important. But the company that makes NMR machines is worth about 4 billion total. And nobody's saying, "Well, we're going to have a GPT moment for NMR because they had the moment." NMR has its use in certain very high techch scientific applications. Same thing with superconductors. By the way, there's a company called American Superconductor Company, or at least there was. Uh, you know, those had very limited applications, too. Just because something's high-tech doesn't mean it's going to be like AI. Oh, we don't know what's going to be used for now, but someday it'll be really useful like AI was for GPUs. Well, that's a great cope. That's the best coping I've ever heard. This technology is going to be really valuable. just trust. We don't know what the application is yet, but it's coming. Nobody said that for Nvidia, by the way. Nvidia had to prove it, right? People just thought, "Oh, these are gaming chips." Only, you know, after Alexet did people say, "Wait, they could be more than gaming chips." And credit to Nvidia for pursuing that when anybody else would have said, "What the hell do we know about AI?" Right? they would just let's let's who gives a [ __ ] and maybe that was even the first reaction but eventually big credit to Jensen for saying no wait a second this is this is something we should do but just because that happened to Jensen and Nvidia does not mean it's going to happen to quantum or superconducting or meristers or or crisper any other high-tech thing you know yeah sometimes s you know you know the fates of the fate of history is you know intertwined with serendipity and all kinds of you know crazy coincidences but most of the time it isn't and you know to pray that okay this technology we don't know what it's good for I know we can't tell you right now what it's good for but it's going to be good for something down the road you'll see and again you know the I think what Jensen's saying is you know computers are general purpose you know, turning machines. And that's not exactly what quantum is, at least in a usable way. And that's fine. It can do, you know, perhaps do one really specific set of computations, but we don't know what it'd be good for. Yeah. Um, I totally agree with what you said. Um, in some sense the word quantum computer is misleading and leading because people expect that you you can in some sense the word quantum computer is misleading because people expect that you you can replace a computer and classical computer with a quantum one. It's not like that. It's more like very complimentary. We like to call our our machines like quantum processors like very specialized machines that you can that you can giveite classical is that um I I don't know I'm actually struggling with the concept. Um, I I don't know how to think of a quantum computer as an instrument when it's being used for materials discovery, when it's being used for blockchain, when it's being used NTD dokamo to improve sil. See, he's such a liar. I don't know. This is like I want to train a neural network with the face of this [ __ ] guy as you know a label for liar because it's not being used by any of these things. His revenue bookings are what was it 800,000? His revenue last quarter outside of the one computer he sold was close to zero. Who's using it? If NTDO is one of the world's biggest companies, if they were using his systems, you think he'd have more than zero revenue, right? Um I I don't know how to think of a quantum computer as an instrument when it's being used for materials discovery, when it's being used for blockchain, when it's being used NT Dokamo to improve cell tower resource utilization. I mean it's true that there are many applications I would never try. They the these firms tested the these computers in a test environment and guess what they all said it didn't work. Read the carousels report. I've also talked to a number of people including supposed customers of D-Wave. They said we tried it didn't work. We moved on which every every couple years we'll check in because you know that's being responsible. try to run on a quantum computer. But for applications that require extensive processing power, these machines are very I haven't tried D-Wave myself. They won't let me use it. They won't let any customer just use it. They want to take your problem and write the code themselves and run the code themselves to show you how they got the speed up. to show you that they got to speed up, but they really are opaque about letting you use the computer. Very powerful and I think go well beyond just instrumentation or measurement. Sorry, I'll jump in. It's It's okay. Yeah, I'll jump in on that. I was I was actually just trying to help. Yeah. Yeah. Instrumentation or measurement. Sorry, I'll jump in. It's It's okay. Yeah, I'll jump in on that. I was I was actually just trying to help. Yeah. Whenever he looks at the crowd, that's when he's like, "Oh my god, I can't I can't [ __ ] believe I'm here. Why am I here right now? I could be doing any I'm a trillion dollar CEO. What the [ __ ] am I doing next to this retard?" We we we saw your help. You You know You know what on that? I was I was actually just trying to help. We we we we saw your help. You you know you know uh let me tell you let me tell you the m you know this this whole session is going to be like a therapy session for me. it and and uh so a long time ago a long time ago um I somebody asked me so what's accelerated computing good for and I said I said um uh a long time ago because I was wrong that that this is this is going to replace computers this is going to be the way computing is done and and uh everything everything is going to be better and it turned out I was I was number one wrong and unnecessarily wrong. Um you know it's better to be narrowly focused on something and being extraordinarily good at it. But the moment you cross that line and start talking about the traveling sales person problem, then it became unnecessary because that problem is obviously being st solved as we know it today. And Uber cars are, you know, taxis are showing up, you know, maybe they're three 3 seconds late or 30 seconds late or whatever it is, but they show up and and I I do think that that I wonder if we hold ourselves to a bar to solve a problem that is unne that's unnecessary for quantum computers. So, so he's he's sort of talking about what I've been talking about in different words. You know, the traveling salesman problem is is so-called NP hard problem. If quantum computers could solve all NP hard problems, that'd be amazing. Um, but that's not the promise of a quantum computer. And he's basically saying, what what are they good for? He's not using, in my opinion, the best language, but he really isn't explaining why. He's really asking what why are we waiting for? What's what are we going to get out of this? There's the solve, quite frankly, to change the world. And it takes it takes focus away from something that you uniquely do and quite frankly sooner than later. Anyways, that was just my swing at it. Go ahead, Peter. Um well here at the show we are actually uh have several applications which are showing quantum is now one of them is with answers revenue was really terrible. uh and you might know one of their products which is LSD and runs obviously with GPUs. Today uh we announced that uh we've integrated our quantum computers with LSD and a 12% increase. Oh man, remember this. Remember the 12% increase uh versus an Intel Xeon single PC. So, I got a $300 PC here and I got a $15 million quantum computer. It's 12% better. So, if I overclock it or just thread two of them, it's over. IMQ doesn't have real revenues. It's it's these are grants. They're not selling anything to anybody. in performance in modeling a uh a blood pump and software at it by the end of the computation. So chemisting in a snake oil, you know, and then say years to it's there's no Yeah. Ion Q convinced uh convinced Air Force to do a contract, but the contract's run out. So now they're they're buying companies that do non-quantum things so that they can replace the fake revenue they had in the first place. You're going to be much much larger than Nvidia. It's going to start. It's starting and all the other giants are. It's just not going to start then. It's going to start. It's starting today. You're going to be much much larger than Nvidia. There's no we're we're we're going to be a relic of the past. All right. So, so if if um it seems like there one of the things that's really interesting is that that um there's is that this industry doesn't as you see select in a unit surprisingly diverse when does or using that are can speed up one of your systems massively reach of class it's interesting that it took a but from our point of view is you these quantum devices or tools or instruments as you call them. This guy's got the realest are expanding the these guys company is by far the realest quantum company the ability for us to access data to train these a today a density function that we haven't had grids of you know five we I have a computer A versus at least that way we see it as what can A and B how are continuing to be we'd be pulled in back to do right and we call that gen not AI gen Q AI and that's kind breaks the paradigm of a computer competing with another computer. It's two computers now working together two to completely different ways, but they are input output for each other. You know, the output of the quantum computer is the input into these LLMs and the training methodologies. So, you can have LLMs that actually understand things like ground state energy and ground state configurations of of molecules. So you can then use them to start doing perturbation theory on well is this molecule going to last inside my body and deliver the drug at the right kinetic you know I love this he goes right kinetic you know we don't need quantum computers for pharmacocinetics we've been doing this a long time man drug industry doesn't need this listen carefully to what he says anybody here know PK you know I used to tell you guys to read the the Rosenbal PK book start doing perturbation theory on well is this molecule going to last inside my body and deliver the drug at the right kinetic you know paradigm or not. So that is how we so so there's no way to do this even with a quantum computer because most of what how the body reacts to drugs as King is asking is is enzyatic. And so unless you want to simulate the effect of multiple different enzymes at different pH on the molecule, well we have we have ways to do that really cheaply. see quantum as an addition of a tool or an instrument into what is already a developing and rapidly maturing and improving compute paradigm. In the few minutes we have we have here uh what are the things that we could do in in the world of accelerated classical uh to be helpful to all of you so that we could advance your work uh much more rapidly. So can we uh Yeah. So maybe I will start. Yeah. Can can we how about we start with the middle? Come on Mr. French man. Let's go. Yeah. Thank you. Um yeah, I guess um it's it's very [ __ ] Jensen. Come on, Mr. French Man. Let's go. Yeah, thank you. Um yeah, I guess um it's it's very important as as as was said earlier to um to to couple uh Well, all this isn't helping this situation. QBT reporting $39,000 of revenue. 39,000. Wasn't even invited, by the way, to the to the Quantum Powow. They invited 15 CEOs or I'm sorry, 30 15 30 maybe 15 CEOs to the Nvidia Quantum Day as an apology for crashing their stocks. And this company wasn't even wasn't even invited. Most of us in the chat have had more revenue than the 39,000. Unbelievable. I mean, this company is an outright fraud. They they've announced that they were under SEC investigation. They fired their CEO who is supposed to be complicit with this alleged fraud. So, that one's remarkable. Tulip mania. Exactly. What a nightmare for shorts, but yeah. Will, why what makes you skeptical? I'm pretty much one of the most informed people on on on that topic. Well, they're not available to the public. They they the uh Medallion was was available to accredited investors and they had plenty. I know people who are investors in Medallion and then at some point they closed it off to outsiders and at some point they kicked out the outsiders which has been done many times in hedge funds and then uh the new hedge funds one of which I invested in they've had less less success than Medallion but they still have more capital than Medallion so they're not that bad And um they don't do the same strategy as medallion when they're clear about that. I mean, I have a really good understanding of it, Mandy, so I don't need to elaborate, but yeah, read the book and I don't think Medallion is doing anything that special. Yeah, warrant accounting was annoying when I ran publicly traded company Retrofen. We had some warrants, too. And basically every quarter you have to record on your income statement on your income statement what um what the changes in the the warrants are. Well, I have some other strategies running as well, Tapot, that are quantitative. You can't really do um what Medallion does without without some computers. You understand what quantitative investing is, right? I'm not sure you need FPJs. They didn't use FPJs early on. Quantum invest most quantitative investing is market making. Uh I'm sure the the DOJ probe is real. Yeah, I mean investing is different. Yeah, I guess the word investing means something different to some people. I think so. Kazama, but I also said that two weeks ago. I think so. Har gender, but I also said that two weeks ago. Well, some people so D some people have tried to use D-Waves analer in quantitative investing that was not good. There's papers about it and they show that the regular old computers are faster. Don't forget how much time you need to prepare a circuit. It's not like it's a overnight process. You need to prepare and compile a circuit. It makes quantum computing for fast things useless. Benjo, there's only so many shares that owners of these stocks are willing to lend out to short sellers like us. So, the more and more short sellers that want to borrow these shares, the the the long holders who have to lend us the shares start saying, "Well, you know, I'll lend you these shares, but you got to pay me 1% APR." I say, "Okay." And then it gets more crowded and more difficult, and somebody says, "You know what? I want 5%." And a short seller says, "I don't know." But a short seller like me says, "Well, the stock's going to go down 90%. I don't care about 5%." And eventually it can go up to 30% or more. There's no way out of the these borrow fees. The put options work the same way. They're embedded in the put price. Yeah. Yeah. There's borrow rates can get crazy because they're APRs. 90% undervalued companies. I think you got to focus on the definition of the word undervalued. Yeah, it's short squeeze season. It's all right. I guess something for them. Yeah, I think Simons's most successful thing was hiring great people, but it was also being early to this idea that computers can trade the stock market. I mean, people were really not convinced that that, you know, that was a real thing. All right, I'm going to going to go to my extra special account that I don't use often. I'm going to short this stock in this account. They're not really a high frequency shop. Yeah, this is the kid's college fund. He's going to thank me later. Dad, why don't I have any college money saved up? Well, son, tell you what. Okay, so this this account doesn't have any uh Oh, wait, wait, wait, hold on. Sell short. Okay. What's DRG? Yeah. Yeah. Will's Will Will Will knows Will knows the legends. Dad, why do I have two daddies? Son, call me Alejandro. I bought you from Martin Skrey. Who is Martin Skrey? He's your real dad. I made a beta with him that quantum computing stocks wouldn't go to a million dollars a share. And they did. So now I own you. Why would my dad do that? I don't know. He was a very stupid man. Now put the fries in the [Music] bag. Dad, why do I have to work at Burger King? I'm not your dad. Yeah, remember farm farming doesn't trade very often. So, there's a little bit of a if it trades on some other weird exchange, we only show NASDAQ quotes. So, we're adding ICE. A lot of the brokers you see aren't showing you NBBO. Um, so it depends on on whether you're looking at NV NBBO, which is national best bid, best offer, but we're we're adding uh ice. So you can see level two after we add ice. I don't know what DX feed is really. I think I think it's some kind of vendor, right? We haven't used them. We use the big guys. Happiness rises as portfolio value goes up. I mean to a certain extent maybe but uh I don't know if you're conflating those two things you you got to con consider your your goals and it's it's work right? It's not. It shouldn't determine everything in your life. You know, maybe a little bit. If every single thing in your life is about your P&L, I I don't know if that's good. Okay, I put the orders in the other account. Let's go. This is when you call your mama, your dad, call your girl, your ex-girl, your ex-girl's brother who's rich. You say, "Listen, I need to hold about 50 racks." What? Speak English. I need to borrow $50,000. Why the hell do you need to borrow $50,000? What? What's wrong? Uh, I need to short this stock. What? Click. That's when you say, "Okay, that's not going to work. Let me try this." Yeah. Hello, Martin. I haven't talked to you in six years. Yeah. Listen, I'm going to need $50,000 real quick. What's wrong? I broke my leg. I broke my leg and need an operation. All right. I broke my leg. I need an operation. Uh, okay. It's not covered by insurance. You say, "No, it's not. You need $43 for this plan, though, because you got to go to Amazon and you buy this bad boy." Okay. And you say, "Dave, so nice to see you." Dave says, "What's wrong?" My leg. You got to 50,000. Yeah, I got it right here. What? What the hell happened? Got hit by a car. Okay, Jinszo, I'm trying to make a joke and you're sitting there insulting me. You know what difference between a joke and and reality is, right, Jenzo? You and H dropped my coverage. It was Luigi. Luigi did it. Luigi got me. So, don't mess up my flow, Jenzo. You got bad juju. You got bad karma. You're You're [ __ ] it up. I don't like that. Yeah, maybe JG, maybe not. It's hard to say. Well, most of Wall Street brokers are not liquidating shorts. You know that it's it's the the the funds will liquidate themselves. Nah, I don't think so, J. Yeah, Papa Mike's right. I don't know. One, two, it depends on what you're trying to do. I mean, that's totally fine. There's no right or wrong answer. You, you know, you might hold a lot of cash if you can't find really good investment ideas or you don't like the investing climate. I mean, those are all reasonable things. You know, I think there's tons of good investment ideas, but you might want to be trade cautiously given the current environment. That's a little a little crazy. I'm a former hedge fund manager. I've considered getting back in the game, but you know, I had this catharsis, you know, around the time that we were really going ham. And I basically said, I feels like I'm a hedge fund guy again. I don't like I don't like that feeling. It's a terribly stressful job. Takes years off your life. And I'm a software guy. I I'm not trying to be in money management. I want I want to show you guys some good stock picks uh and show you how I invest, but principally I'm trying to show you how to use Goodell uh so that I can sell more Good Goll boxes. That's my main goal. Um but you know, it's nice to help people even if you don't use my software. Well, I'm just managing my money, so I I think it's it's okay to But, you know, it's it's it it feels like I'm managing client money because it feels like I'm for some of you guys, I'm managing your money. Of course, I know that that's not the case, but I think some of you guys would just blindly follow some of my picks. And you know, I can't blame you for some of the things like Cassava. It looks really great, but you know, you have to decide what pick is for you and what size. And these things are like very intricate. And some of you want to gamble, so you pick a big size, but that's not always a good idea. You know, I've said a few times most people the biggest mistake almost every investor makes that Paul Trader Jones said this many times. I didn't make this up myself. In fact, I learned from it myself. The biggest mist biggest mistake people make is your position sizes are too high. And that's [Music] uh that's something that's uh it's hard to reconcile sometimes because you know you You know, the Kelly criterion is a good example. You know, do we undervalue or overvalue Kelly. You know, Kelly is the theoretical, you know, best best uh way to allocate capital. It's in fact not theoretical. It's it's literally proven. But there are problems with Kelly. Anybody know some of the problems with Kelly? Well, we tend to be overconfident in how right we are. We tend to be very overconfident in how right we are. If anybody doesn't know what the heck I'm talking about, look up the Kelly criterion. Kelly Criterion. No, Charizard. You're starting to take me off, Charizard. I'm trying to understand what what you mean by that because SERP is my biggest long, but maybe you made it much bigger long for you, but that's your problem. I'm almost break even on my SPA short long. Yeah, Oudar gets it. Yeah, exactly, Brian. It's just got vibes. So, a lot of people do half Kelly or quarter Kelly, but yeah, you don't have probabilities. You have real probabilities. Yeah, the GameStop thing was crazy. I was trying to short it from prison. It I didn't get a chance. I like that biothriller. That'd be fun. Yeah, I think that's a good idea, Don. I mean, I did I did add to my D-wave short today. Starting to come down. You can still have a stock account in prison. No, I don't I don't think I want to do a hedge fund, but maybe there's there's a happy in between or something. I don't know. Yeah, I shorted a lot of Q UBT today. We did wear masks in prison. We have deals with almost every date major data vendor. Kelly's great. It's just very hard to use practically. I don't know what that means. Mercy. Don't know when carded too well. Last time I looked at it, I didn't like it. Some of them are easy to borrow, some of them are not. Yeah. Having a cell phone in prison is uh illegal. But I got to tell you, I don't I don't like to do things like that. I don't like to break the rules. The rules are there for a reason, sir. Okay, Stefan, you sure about that? Um, I'm not sure daily. We'll figure that out. I mean, I would take a loss on a fundamental short if my thesis was proven wrong. For example, I actually use Bloomberg in prison. So, like for example, if D-Wave had 50 million in revenue in a quarter, I would say, "Whoa, I thought this was not a real business. It's clearly a real business." I I connected remotely to Bloomberg. It's very hard to have a gaming setup in prison. No, no. I connected through my cell phone. I even updated my GitHub while I was in prison. I was really worried that that was going to get me in big trouble because you can you can tell somebody updated their GitHub. And I saw people noticed that and they're like, "What the [ __ ] is this guy doing? Yeah, I just logged in from a cell phone to a remote PC control. Sometimes you you did have to do other things. I mean, phones weren't always available. Some some jails there's lots of phones. Other other jails there weren't too many. Listen, some jail [ __ ] should stay in jail, you know. I can't reveal the secrets from behind the wall. I make it sound so tough. I'm behind them walls. Yeah, Cory is just they they and they reported two days ago, but the stock's still [ __ ] you know, a roller coaster. This is a short squeeze, too, by the way. Gave for this day, straight at the gate. Yeah, I got a tattoo. It was not uh not great. It's kind of embarrassing. I think some of you guys know the story. I don't want to take my shirt off, but it's EGM Grand Maron. How do you know what it meant? He told me it meant brave warrior. Yeah, the Spanish guy's clowned on me, bro. I told the guy, I said, "Hey bro, what the [ __ ] you? Every time I walk by, you say merone. I hear you and your guys snickering. You want beef with the Albanian crew? [ __ ] is wrong with you?" He goes, "No, Martin. No, no, no." And he's still laughing. No, Martin. No, listen. Marone it means like brave warrior like a warrior. I like yeah okay. He's like because you know you tough man you're tougher than all of us combined. You walk by we scared of you man. So we say oh Mary Kon said yeah that's more like it. I'm I'm not just Mary Kon. I'm the big Mary Kon. He's exactly you a grand maron. Yeah, what's up? I started feeling myself. That's Lo. That's my homie. Start walking a little slick. I said I'm like, "What up, Lo?" Subscri Thank you for putting me on. I need to know one thing, man. Tell me some Spanish [ __ ] I play poker with these guys. Big Tone and [ __ ] Jay. I play poker with these guys. Dominican guys. Tell me some tough [ __ ] to say. They already know I'm alone. But what else do I say? And he says, "You want to really [ __ ] them up?" I said, "Yeah." Said, "You want them running for the hills?" Said, "Yeah, yeah, tell me." He goes, "You tell him leche dumb." Whoa. What does that mean? I know what that means. Leche is milk. Said, "Yeah, ombre is you, right?" So it basically means like you're so strong cuz you you drink the milk so much milk. crazy. He says, "I know it sounds weird, but in Spanish they know what it means." I said, "Okay." So, I go to tone and and Jay, it's a particularly heated hand. We got a lot of money on the table. And he's like, "You going to fold?" What le bro? He goes, "What? You drink? Come." I said, "What? I said, "No, I know Grand Maron." He said, "Yeah, so that makes sense." I was like, "What the [ __ ] you talking about?" And my homie DB block, he speaks Spanish, Puerto Rican. He goes, "You shut the [ __ ] up. Play the [ __ ] game, retard." Anyway, all in. I wasn't in Mac security. I was in uh what's called a low, which unfortunately is not the lowest it gets. The lowest is called a camp. Greg, our options product is not great. We we're going to work on that really soon. We have a special German guy to work on it. He's going to give us the best in German engineering. SPF is not in a camp yet. He was in a camp and he's back at NBC for some unbelievable reason. Then he got kicked up to the shoe because he talked to Tucker Carlson when he wasn't supposed to. I was writing a book while I was in prison, baby. Called it My Struggle. I haven't released it yet. I was thinking about running eventually going to government. I was writing down my struggle. That's what I called it. That's the That was my first That was my first uh first book, you know. I started out by writing about where I grew up and all this stuff, right? Talking about my motherland, you know? Then I move on, start talking about my ideals, my years of study and suffering in Brooklyn. [Laughter] I worked hard, you know. Then I started having some political reflections. You know, more than two books can be called my my struggle. I would do software. Yeah. You know, I always wanted to be an artist, right? got rejected over and over again. So, I was angry. I started getting political. Okay, guys. I'm kidding. [Laughter] Obviously, handled the rejection very responsibly. Learned from it. Kept trying. Soros shows up how they grow. And there was I think there might was pottery in prison. Maybe some painting but there wasn't much in the way of there was I don't know some people painted Google's okay it's okay long it's it's obviously a company kind of under siege you know I think Sundar may actually rise to the moment but they have to break a lot of the their old way of doing Yes, Ulyses. That's what I understand. Gupta, it's just a gag. It's just a Kanye thing. I'm pretending I'm none the wiser. I would not condone somebody doing that, wanting to be like that. Best failed trade. Forget it. I had a funny situation where I was short a stock and I got bought in. Very rarely do you get bought in, but I got bought in. It was really tough. Sera is my favorite long Florian. It's a pain stock as well. All these stocks are pain stocks. You know, they're not going my way, but I want more of them. And the problem is if you're if you're still big with um one factor like these stocks are moving against me. That's one factor and you're exposed to this one factor. Uh and you could call that anti-momentum. So Dwaves going up against me and Sept is going down against me. But I like the ARBs getting bigger, but of course that also means I got to take more pain. Whereas other people say, "I'm just going to buy the stock. It's going up." So you got to I think mix momentum with anti-momentum. If you're just mean reverting everything that's not, you know, You're basically saying everything the market's doing is wrong. Well, that's that's going to be a hard trade to survive because market's not always wrong. And it temporarily is certainly oftentimes it's less liquidity, Mandy. Liquidity shrinks, people get serious. You know, okay, maybe I don't need this quantum computing stock. When people have money to burn, they they want to take risks. Well, once liquidity gets tough, they say, "I don't know. I might sell this quantum computing stock and buy a real company and get a fat dividend or something like that. I've always wanted to buy Palunteer at 50. So, I'm going to want to buy Palanteer at 50 than hold these quantum stocks in a in a recession or a crash. That that makes way more sense. Look, I I showed some shorts from a decade almost two decades ago, 15 years ago that I that I made just to show you guys how in the heat of the moment, people think these are great stocks, but that was a $300,000 stock split adjusted was 40 cents now holding these balloons. So anyway, I mean, I think that what are you supposed to do, you know? Yeah, it's hard to download fully baked models unless you, you know, you can use cellside models. Um, but models with, you know, with your forward-looking projections. Sometimes I'm just, you know, filling out data because I've it's mindless and easy to do. But as far as I know, there's no way to get good fully baked models with forecasts other than making it yourself. And you kind of want to make it yourself, to be honest. support resistance. What the [ __ ] [ __ ] you talking about? Mechanical engineer. No, I don't pay attention to Bur, dude. I pay I pay attention to legendary investors, not Bur. And even then, I don't pay that much attention. Playoffs. [Music] Playoffs. Who gives a [ __ ] about Bur? Talk about code too. Talk about tci. I'm a bur bur. It's like it's like talking about the worst rapper ever instead of Jay-Z or you know it's like here. Let me let me see. I don't know about holysine. That's a newer fund. But yeah, let me find the Let's see. Who's the worst rapper ever? Let's take a look. Yeah, this guy Tyler the Creator. [Music] You are the light. And if you hang up on a [ __ ] [ __ ] I call right back. Bars. Yeah. So when you talk about what's his name? What's his name again? Bur. Yeah, you're talking about some trash rapper. Yeah, I was I was just picking a random thing. Tyler the creator is pretty good, I think. But it's got a funny name. Tyler the Creator. There you go. When you talk about Bur, you're talking about Tekashi 69. Tekashi DM'd me. I [ __ ] did not respond. Hell no. [ __ ] crazy. [ __ ] crazy, man. I don't know. I think it was the time when like um there's a lot of crypto kind of crypto scams going on and he wanted in on it basically. He wanted some uh he wanted to get in on the meme coin frenzy I think but I didn't I didn't want to talk to him. What do you mean? What strike? I don't understand what that means. What strike? When you short a stock, there's no strike. Uh, Quantopian's gone, right? There's they they don't they don't have a uh they don't have a system anymore. Um nothing wrong with quant connect. I just rather fully control you know my own system. I'm not sure I'm not sure they have the right I mean I don't want to get into too much detail but I'm not sure they have the right transaction partners Yeah, some of the old school traders still still think about technicals, but it's uh dying breed. I agreed. To me, bonds are often a bad risk return. I'm like 42 or something like that. Sera maybe 45. So in that range closer to 40, low 40s after doubling down. No, I didn't quite get to the 30s yet. 30s would be nice. Remember, I own some at 50. Haters want to love. What? Are you [Music] Yeah, I'm rooting for Yeah, there's one guy who is long Dwave in here. I'm rooting for for Diddy to be acquitted partially because uh well, several reasons. Nest, you going just do your taxes, Nest? That's definitely one of my favorite moments. The problem is I sound like an old man because Chappelle show was so long ago and it's like I had this old friend much older than me very sort of famous guy famous in certain circles and he was like he would drop all these Richard Cryer things and I'd be like dude I don't know what the [ __ ] you're talking about like that's Richard Prior Richard Prior. I was like, "No." I look up Richard Prior and it was like [ __ ] three generations ago. Richard Prior was Eddie Murphy's inspiration. Eddie Murphy was Dave Chappelle's inspiration. So Kevin Hart is kind of the new Dave Chappelle or maybe K and Peele and then Kevin Hart and I don't know who it is now. I have no [ __ ] idea. But, you know, when you're old, you just kind of stick to the your old memories. You like the old songs you listen to. You know, you don't Yeah. Juski. There you go. Juski, Theo, those kinds of guys are the replace the But I I don't I don't hear any good new rock music and I'm I'm pretty open-minded. I hear some, but it's very fleeting. Rock is dead. Well, Dave Chappelle's still doing comedy. Yeah, I was into this this movement of bands called the wave and it it didn't uh it didn't work out for the wave. Unfortunately, the bands fell off pretty hard. It was touch amore law dispute. Um pianos become the teeth. Yeah, Florian, I I don't know what to say. That is a good question. I will say that we have enough evidence from the PMOs. Those aren't going away. People are using them. So, but I don't disagree with what you said. Yeah, I know I know a lot of these guys in these bands. Some reached out to me during my my struggle. They're very very nice. Yes, soul. [Music] Yes. I'm not a bond guy, man. Yeah, you would sell Bonds. [ __ ] it. Listen to opera. I like Vagner. Not that opera. Wrong opera. Not the options price reporting agency. Well, I just all resemblances are coincidental. I, as you guys know, I stand with the Jewish people. I work on Wall Street for crying out loud. Dwaves Dwave will sell another system 2029 I'd say roughly give or take. Wall Street is fairly Jewish not you know it's changed a lot. you you know there's a lot of quants on the street now so you're getting a lot of Asians involved get a little more diverse but Wall Street was practically all white in the 70s and 80s yeah there was segregation on Wall Street for a while um stickman there were Jewish firms and and by the way This applied to law firms, too. Um, law firms, I would argue, had it worse, but Goldman was a Jewish bank. Morgan Stanley was the Wasp Bank. And you basically, you know, were either a Wasp or or you were with the Jews and that was it. And uh things obviously changed closer to the 80s and 90s, but you know, Paul Weiss was was uh a Jewish law firm and you know, they just it was weird, but that's how they did things back then. There's so many jokes I can make, but you know, it's I think that uh I think at the end of the day, you know, there's a lot of things about history that are bizarre and strange and yeah, you just I don't know, you have to just uh take it with a grain of salt. You know, it's the past. No, I don't think that's true, Mandy. Um, plenty of Jewish people in prison. No shortage. No shortage whatsoever. Why not? Fraud, all kinds of things. Cornelius, what? What? What's wrong with you? I think stereotypes can be very malicious. We should not perpetuate them. Yeah. Actually, they're Orthodox and they're Orthodox guys in prison. Anyway, it's an interesting piece of history, but Maidolf was Jewish. Correct. Religion is kind of a big deal in prison. Um, there's a lot of Muslim people convert to Islam. No, I never thought about converting to Islam. A lot of a lot of Albanians are are Muslim. I don't know what to say about Islam, man. Better for me to keep my mouth shut. You know, whatever religion people want to believe, that's that's fine. Alhamdulillah. You know, I will say that that there was sort of an effort in the early 2000s in the media and government to sort of indoctrinate people to hate hate Muslims. And I think that was, you know, obviously not great, but you know, some people bought bought into it. Um, what can you do? Yeah, the war on terror was a interesting semi up. Some of it was real. Obviously, it's real as day. Uh, MC Merc has to figure out how to replace their lost revenue. You keep asking me. I'm in the middle of looking at Gilead. So, let me do that maybe. And my girl just got back with some food. So, I'm going to go smooch her for a second and get some food. Be right back. I uh I don't live with my sister. I had to for the first month or two right out of prison. It was terrible. I love my sister, but it was uh when uh when they call you imprisoned to the back That's uh that's when the the they want to see you and it could be good news or bad news. It's usually bad news. They call you to the back. Sometimes you have to sign for mail. Sometimes you got to do whatever. But I go to the back. You know, I'm still in prison. I go to the back and you got to dress up with the the prison outfit. You can't go back there with your sweatpants. So, I go up there and I say, "Uh, Skry here. What's up?" And they're like, "Uh, Skylar, come over here." And the guy's got all these stacks of paper and he says, "I'm processing your release. You know, in a couple months, you're out of here. What address do you got?" I go, "Aress? [ __ ] address? What?" He goes, "I need an address. Do you want to get released or not?" Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. No, no, no, yeah. I got it. I got it. Uh, hold on, hold on. Can I uh can I go get it from from from my room? And it's like, yeah, yeah, go ahead. I'll wait. I'm looking for my mail like, "Oh, okay. Here's an address." Unfortunately, the address you give them, you have to live at uh at least for a little while. Right. Exactly. BD. Yeah. Doby could be a short. They're always probing United Healthcare. That's like the most probed company there is. Well, it was on an ankle monitor as well. Well, Draco, my fund had a we had a big issue and that issue resulted in sort of my prosecution as well. But the issue kind of made the hedge fund get into this kind of windown mode. And I I communicated that I think very fairly. And the fund did well. We've returned a lot of a lot of gains, multiple X gains. I think the average person made about 4x, which very hard to do in hedge funds. But, you know, I I conceded, you know, there was a I don't know if we know about it, Chz Bio. So, I be careful about that. We don't know. We don't know the details. It was a small fund, Mandy. I think I raised eight. Eight in total. Oh, really? Chess. Where? That's not good. Where where are the details? Handsome, attractive, and tough. So, so where's the unh stuff? Yeah, knock yourself out, Money Master. Andy, we did early on. Very successfully, I might not. Yeah. Go long stock. Go long the dumbest stocks in the world. Go ahead. I don't give a [ __ ] what you do. Yeah. Maybe tofu. Maybe I didn't love the deal when I saw it. You'd rather have one best-in-class asset, right? Than look like you have a uh look like you have pipeline. That's what Vertex does. if it's best in class. I don't even know if it even works, but I know people who have DMD want to try it. I do want to look at NUVB. Biotech is dead. Tyrone [Music] I'd say, are the blockbusters in the room with us now? Kaiser's out with this thing. This is uh from years ago or months ago. And they won. They beat the They beat the government. So, I'm not sure that what this says. Like I said, United Healthcare is one of the most attacked companies in the world. Good question, Marsh. The question is, was he that great in the first place? I hate to say that out loud. I think that basically Serpt is so cheap that it's baking in virtually a worst case scenario. Well, you don't always get notified of a new investigation. Keep that in mind. Trump helped pharma. Ah, come back. Cornelius, stop stop [ __ ] flooding my chat. Problem with pharma is low returns. A lot of these projects have no returns. I'd say 25. Mandy 50. I get a US exchange. Buy 10 million shares of Qubt. $50, please. All right, Bahandra. Let's let's let's get back to quantum. So, this is really interesting and relevant very relevant to quantum. Okay. Rivstamir and Adelman MIT guys developed the RSA crypto system. It offers a balance of security and usability. In 97 it was disclosed that all of these ideas get look at this. They were already invented in the late 60s and 70s by the British NSA GCHQ. GCHQ Bletchley Park. So, think about that. Yeah, exactly, John. Yeah, I'm not a big fan of Hobbre. He's certainly not a peer. They think of him as a groupy. So the key to crypto systems public key crypto systems is that it's difficult to invert the encryption stage if only the public key is available. Inverting it is very close to factoring. So the belief is that factoring is hard to solve on a classical computer. But Shor's algorithm on a quantum computer could be used to break RSA. This is a really revolutionary idea. That's why Peter Shore, also an MIT guy, um has a has a major name now. So other algorithms could be broken if you solve the discrete logging uh problem and you can do that with shores. So, a lot of people are excited about breaking cryptographic codes with quantum computers. And this is what I think is the main um the main industry that'll use quantum. I don't think it's good for virtually anything other than code breaking, but I also don't think we're going to see it soon. So, when it does happen, it's maybe a billion dollar market. I don't think that the codereing market's that big. All right, we've been looking at historical anticedants for quantum. Of course, the field has grown and matured, sprouted subfields, and uh there's a lot to cover here, but let's talk about the field of quantum entanglement. Okay, and I think we're starting to get to the fundamentals of quantum computing here. This is a 700page book, so pace yourself. Yeah, it's not hard to shift to quantum proof encryption. So code breaking is suitable for a quantum good question. In short, quantum is very good at large combinatorial problems. So numbers that get too too large. Uh quantum is extremely good at solving those problems. But it's not good at storing things for example. It's not good at retrieving and outputting things easily. It's not good at creating lots of data for example. So you couldn't really use it with AI or something. You can't load terabytes of data into a quantum computer. There's no quantum memory at all. Um, but let's talk about some of these details. Yeah, I was short weed stocks years ago. All right, quantum entanglement. Entanglement is a uniquely quantum mechanical resource. I want you to think about this concept of a resource. Keep that in the back of your head for a minute. It's a resource that plays a key role in many of the You know, pretty much all of quantum computation entanglement is the iron to the classical world's bron bronze age. I like that. There's been a tremendous effort to understand entanglement as a fundamental resource of nature. It's just as important possibly as energy, information, entropy, or any other fundamental resource. Maybe strong force, weak force, electromagnet magnetism. Although there is no yet there's no there's yet no complete theory of entanglement, some progress has been made in understanding this strange property of quantum mechanics. Studying entanglement will yield insights that may facilitate quantum computers. All right, future directions. We've looked at some of the history and present status of quantum. What is the future? What can quantum computation offer science, technology, and humanity? What benefits does quantum computing confer upon its parent fields of computer science, information theory, and physics? What are the key open problems of quantum? I'll make a few brief remarks here. Quantum computing has taught us to think physically about computation. I would dispute that. And we have discovered that this approach yields many new and exciting capabilities for information processing and communication. Computer scientists have been gifted with a new enriched paradigm for exploration. In broadest terms, we have learned that any physical theory, not just quantum mechanics, may be used as the basis for a theory of information processing. I would argue we knew that the fruits of these labors may one day result in information processing devices with capabilities far beyond today's systems with benefits and drawbacks for society as a whole. Quantum computation certainly offers challenges to physicists, but it's perhaps a little subtle what what quantum offers to physicists in the long term. We believe that just as we have learned to think about physically about computation, we can also learn to think computationally about physics. Whereas physics has traditionally been a field focused on understanding elementary objects and simple systems, many interesting aspects of nature arise only when things become larger and more complicated. Chemistry and engineering deal with that complexity to an extent, but mostly in an ad hoc way. One of the messages of quantum computing is that new tools are available for traversing the gulf between the small and the relatively complex. Computation and algorithms provide systematic means for constructing and understanding such systems. Applying ideas from these fields is already beginning to yield new insights into physics. There's our hope that this perspective will blossom in years to become fruitful way of understanding all aspects of physics. Okay, this is where the book really starts. That was the introduction. Mike and Ike. Mike and Ike. The best book. Ulisses is coming very soon. Best quantum book. Now we get started in the meat of the matter. Sec uh chapter 1.2 quantum bits. Pay attention. If you haven't been paying attention, it's time to pay attention. The bit is the fundamental concept of classical computation and classical information. We all know that quantum computation and quantum information are built on an analogous concept, the quantum bit or cubit for short. In this section, we introduce the properties of single and multiple cubits, comparing and contrasting their properties to those of classic bits. This is going to be real uphill climb real fast, guys. Be careful. What is a cubit? We're going to describe cubits as mathematical objects with certain properties. But hang on, you say, I thought cubits were physical objects. It's true that cubits like bits are realized as actual physical systems. And we're going to talk about that in detail. how we make this connection between the abstract mathematical point of view and real systems. But for the most part, we're going to treat them as abstract mathematical objects. The beauty of treating cubits as abstract entities is that it gives us the freedom to construct a general theory of quantum computing which is doesn't depend on any specific system for its realization. Right? we don't need to worry about uh whether it's D-Wave or Regetti or INQ that we're using the leaders in the field. What then is a cubit? All right. Just as a classical bit has a state either zero or one. A cubit also has a state. Got it? Two possible states for a cubit are the states 0 and one which as you might guess correspond to the states 0 and one for a classical bit. So far it sounds like the same right? Notation like this is called the drock notation and we'll be seeing it often you bag holders as it's the standard notation for states in quantum mechanics. Now you already know something you didn't before. Congratulations. Beah are you there? I want you to draw this. I want you to draw it like 10 times, beondro. All right. Draw it like this. Go ahead. Draw. Take your time. Say it again for the baggies in the back. This is the D-Rock notation. Where's the Is Alejandro not here? You're not going to do well in the quiz, Alejandro. Then I'm going to have to leave you back. Where is he? I know I know you can hear me, Pahantro. He's probably got it up on the big screen. That's fine. Okay. The difference between bits and cubits is that a cubit can be in a state other than zero and one. Okay. A lot of people don't know this. A lot of people don't understand this. This is a pretty complicated idea. It's going to be simple for you to understand in a minute. Okay, Bahandra, are you paying attention? Good. But this is this is something a lot of people don't know even the most fundamental thing about quantum. And oftentimes they'll they'll misay this. You'll see this in the media all the time. So I want you guys to understand this once and for all. The difference between bits and cubits is that a cubit can be in a state other than zero or one. A lot of people say that the difference between a cubit and a bit is that it's either in zero, one or both, which is not right and is a fundamental misunderstanding of quantum. Okay, it is possible to form linear combinations of states which are called superpositions. Okay. So, we've talked about linear combinations in this in this in this uh YouTube many many times, right? We talk about linear combinations. We did this just yesterday, right? Do you guys remember these are the factors of a factor model that explain and etc., right? That explain the stock price change. You have um you have this coefficient that represents an amount and you have a factor that represents certain things like say country, industry, momentum, whatever. There's hundreds of them. Okay, so this is a linear combination. Right? Anybody who's done not just linear algebra, but any any kind of math at all understands this. This alpha is a proportion, right? It's like a weighted average, right? And here's this this state. We know the state is zero. It could be on or off, right? So this is off. And we'll have this added to beta uh which is a proportion of of how often it's on. Right? Just like a transistor or or a switch or a or or a light bulb. This is connected to a maybe a battery. Um, that's a linear combination. But what does it mean to be in a combination of these states? Because we often think something's either on or it's off, right? How could it be kind of off and kind of on at the same time? Oh, Roberto. Bendjo. Pendo, you breaking my heart, Roberto. Okay. So, A and B are complex numbers. What's a complex number? Do you guys know? It's number that has an i component, right? The i I component could be non-existent too by the way. But 6 I, right? I is square of negative 1. So this is just the basics, right? We're not going to get into the advanced stuff. One one guy if you wanted to do wanted to get it more into this to to watch is Scott Aronson. Uh John Prescll there's many others that you can follow who who you know it's not easy to make this stuff simple. Sometimes the best teachers are not necessarily the best practitioners by the way. Okay. numbers a, alpha, and beta are complex numbers, but we don't lose much by thinking of them as real numbers. And I kind of want you to think of them as real numbers. Back up here so you can understand that like maybe this is 70% zero or off. This is 30% on. Could that be the case? That's what I want you to really understand here. This is the beauty of quantum. Do you guys get it so far? That unlike something that's on or off, there's no coefficient for a bit. It's either on or off. So you got zero. You know what's a string of bits look like? 0 1 0 one. Does anybody know what this number is? This is one, the ones column, the tw's column, and the four's column. Right? So this is five. What if I add a one over here? It's up 33%. Actually getting liquidated. What? Yeah, we're going to get get to that uh in a second. Uses, this is simple. Alejandro, I want you to understand the basics of quantum computing. Okay, I'm doing you a favor. Pay attention. Don't get ADHD on me. All right. Don't get ADHD. I really, you know, want you to stay focused. Don't go for a either, but if you have to, you have to. Okay. Okay. So, put another way, the state of a cubic is a cubid is a vector in a two-dimensional complex vector space. I lose anybody. I lose anybody. I'm gonna ask Chat GPT, can you make this sentence much simpler to understand for dumb bag holders like Alejandro? A cubit state is like an arrow in space with two directions using complex numbers. That makes it real simple. How can an arrow have two directions? [Music] D. A cubit state is just a pair of numbers. But these numbers are comp can be complex. They could have an imaginary component. So why did you say vector space just to confuse? Wrong cubit. Ah, fair enough. Ve vector space is just a fancy math phrase meaning a collection of things you can add together or multiply with like arrows, coordinates, or even number pairs of numbers. A cubid state is simply described by two complex numbers. That's it. Long cubid indeed. Oh, GPT likes cubit. Okay. The special states 0 and one are known as computational basis states. So if you study any other math or physics, basis is kind of like you know what your unit is like I or J or something. Alejandro, pay attention. You You're getting all distracted. All right, it's not that hard. Okay, these basis states form an orthonormal basis for this vector space. How about this? This confuses me like crazy. It makes me want to buy more V-wave stock. I think I'm um um not all there mentally. Let's break that down super simply. The special states zero and one are just two basic states to describe cubits. We know that they're special because they're different from each other and they're this they form the simplest possible set of states. They can describe every other state. So they're like the reference states. Every cubit state is built from these basic states. Orthonormal just means they're clearly different and easy to tell apart. Sometimes uh well the the word ortho maybe we should just leave it alone. No need to panic by Dwave, but I want to. What does ortho mean in Latin? And why do we use that term? I like that GPT can hold on two different uh ideas in its own mind. Alejandra, we don't want any of your your copy pasting, dude. We're trying to learn. We're not just going to copy paste. Yo, Bill Gates famously thought the internet wouldn't be very very successful. Ortho comes from the Greek straight or correct. So when we say orthosteric we mean this receptor that receptor site that's normally used. When we say alossteric we mean somewhere else. Um so for cubits ortho means at right angles. So it's orthogonal. You've heard that word sometimes. People kind of overused it for a while. And GPT said, "But hey, don't let me stop you from yellowing into D-wave." Okay. So they're they're the orthonormal bases. Between these two, you can get the entire vector space. So this is like linear algebra, right? Okay. We can examine a bit to determine if it's in the state zero or one. For example, computers do this all the time when they retrieve the contents of their memory. Right? If you were if you if you store the number this number, computer sort of will translate that from from binary. Again, we have one four. This is 8 and 16. So, this is the number 21 in memory. And maybe that's 21 pixels to create a a blue dot or something. 21 pixels to the left or to the right. You know, this is how computers store things. The computer has to go check what bits are stored. Is it a one? Is it a zero? And a mistake could be rather problematic, which is why we need high fidelity. We'll get to that later. None of these cubits have none of these quantum systems have high fidelity, unfortunately. So, they're not usable yet. Rather remarkably, okay, so so computers do this every second, right? They do this every minute, every millisecond, every nancond. They're they're looking at memory and determining what is what state are these bits in. There's lots of bits. They form bytes. And then we have megabytes and uh gigabytes and uh terabytes and even pabytes and exabytes. Rather remarkably, we cannot examine a cubit to determine its quantum state. So we cannot tell what the values of alpha and beta are. Instead quantum mechanics tells us that we can only inquire much more we can only acquire much more restricted information about the cubid state. The quantum state when we measure a cubit we will get either zero or one. And the probabilities we square it for a specific reason. But the probabilities have to sum to one. Anyone know why we square it? Yeah, this is Mike and I. Yeah, you got it. So you can also note that the you can interpret this as the cubid cubid state is normalized to length one. What does that mean? What does this look like? What what equation does this look like? Some of you guys went to high school, I think. There you go. It's also circle. Either way, geometrically, that's that. Thus in a general in general a cubit state is a unit vector with a two-dimensional complex vector space. Okay. This dichotomy between the unobservable state of a cubit and the observations we can make lies at the heart of quantum computing. In most of our abstract models of the world, there's a direct correspondence between elements of the abstraction and the real world. Architect's plans for the building are in correspondence with the final building. The lack of this direct correspondence makes it difficult to have intuition about quantum. But there isn't an indirect correspondence. Cubid states can be manipulated and transformed in ways which lead to measurement outcomes which depend on the properties of the state. So the quantum states have real experimentally verifiable consequences which we'll see is essential to how quantum computing works. So the ability for a cubit to be in a superp position state is counter to common sense. We don't understand the physical world around this. But the quantum world is much different from the physical world. You know, if you guys any of you guys watched my uh lectures in chemistry. I did a whole 15 video series or something like that on general chemistry and we talked about the quantum world and how at very small sizes classical physics tends to break down. A classical bit is like a coin. It's either heads or tails, right? But for imperfect coins, there may be intermediate states like balanced on an edge. But we basically disregard that and keep the abstract state. A cubit can exist in a continuum of states between zero and one until it is observed. Okay, pretty wild stuff. Let's emphasize again. When a cubit is measured, it only can give zero or one as its result, but it's probabilistic. So, here's an even cubit state. Why does it look like this? Well, we have to do the square root of 1/2, but this is what it looks like. So, normally I would tell you, well, if I wanted to do a 50/50, well, well, that's pretty easy, right? I can just do 0.5 uh you know I was going to do a different thing but I could do 0.5 of this guy right 50/50 just like if I wanted to average a moving average of two prices this is how I do it I don't even need the coefficients to be honest but because 50% is 1/2 and because I have to take the square root of this it's best to you know we usually try to simplify it if we can but this is equal to this so we just square of 1 is one um and that's how we have the square of 1/2 plus the square of 12 when squared will equal one. So these are the probabilities. Okay. So this is a 50% of the time when I observe this guy, okay, I'll see zero, I'll see the off state. And the other 50% of the time when I observe it, I'll see this. I'll see the on state. So this is a 50/50 coin flip in quantum world. Pretty cool because, as we may know from computing, it's kind of hard to do random numbers. Now, these are true random numbers. And some people think one of the advantages of quantum computing is that you can get true random numbers which which is true. That is one of the advantages. And this state is often got an abbreviation. We use it so often it's just called this. All right. So when we measure this, half the time we're going to get a zero and half the time we're going to get a one. So it's kind of like flipping a coin. You get heads and tails and slowly but surely it'll it'll sort of arrive approach 50 50/50. Cubits are real. Their existence and behavior has been validated and many systems can be used to realize cubits. There's ion traps which Alejandro apparently he knows he knows those are the best ones. There's superconductors. There's neutral atoms. There's lots of ways. There's my but you know we got to listen to Alejandro because he knows he knows it's it's it's the ion trap right? Um I've done interviews with the quantum researchers uh on on um spaces. I talked to a scantum guy on spaces. It was good and you know I asked him questions. I had a great opportunity to learn from an expert. So to get a concrete feel for how cubit can be realized, it's helpful to put a list of ways this realization may occur. Okay, the simplest way is polarization. Two different polarizations of a photon. Okay, let's keep let's keep this in the back of our mind because we might go back to this. The alignment of nuclear spin in a uniform magnetic field. Well, that's called NMR. We already have NMR. It's not a big market. This is a major book. It's the book, canonical book in the field [Music] um by Michael Nielsen and Isaac Chung. All right. Two states of an electron orbiting a single atom. Let's look at that. Here's one state where the atom we'll call it is in zero position or the electron is in zero position and another state where it's in one position. Okay, the electron is either in the ground state or in the excited state. And that's there's no in between state. That was an important finding. That's why that's when we start saying the word quanta. It's discreet not continuous. By shining light on the atom with the right amount of energy for the right time, you can move the electron from 0 to one. It'll eventually drop from one to zero. But interestingly, we can also put it in superp position where it's halfway between zero and one. But what does that mean? You know, how do we interpret that? Is it really halfway between 0 and one? No, it's probabilistic. Half the time when we observe it will be in zero. Half the time when we observe it will be one. So a good question from the community. Ulyses asks what do you make of uh the intelligence community store now decrypt later. So this idea that the NSA and the Chinese equivalent is basically hoovering all of our information from hacked lines and hacked communications and just downloading the whole internet especially certain targets like maybe a diplomat's traffic or something like that and basically saying I can't decrypt this right now because I don't know how to invert you know a private key But when quantum comes around, I'm going to decrypt it. Well, the problem with that is when quantum comes around 20, 30 years from now, we'll be able to decrypt old information. Right now, a lot of the best information is already being stored on postquantum cryptography. And furthermore, you know, a lot of the best information is is kind of well known already. One of the things about espionage is that so much of what we learn in espionage is already known to everybody and that signals intelligence like this. Well, there's a lot of ways to get signals intelligence. You could do it with microphones. You can do it with other kinds of computer hacks. You don't need to descramble encrypted line. It's maybe 5% of the way. In fact, the Wikileaks cable releases, I remember cooking up some popcorn and saying, "Oh man, they're going to release diplomatic cables. This is crazy. All the state secrets are going to come out. Wow." And then when they came out, nobody thought they were interesting. There's no There was nothing in there that was fascinating. The Chinese said, one Chinese ambassador was caught saying that Chinese economic numbers are fake. Well, everyone knew that. Another diplomat said, "Well, the Russians, they're all a bunch of drunks." Well, that's what people thought anyway. There was nothing that was really that secret that was being communicated. Of course, these diplomats, sometimes heads of state, they didn't want to uh communicate their secrets, right? They they were really embarrassing, but they also weren't saying anything that interesting. So, if somebody read your communications or my communications, well, you'd see what I'm saying to my friends. You you can guess, right? talking about money, big booty [ __ ] yachts, private jets. No, I'm kidding. Um, you know, it's it's all the stuff you would imagine and none of it's that interesting and certainly none of it is worth paying billions and billions and billions for. Now, if you're a spy, you know, you you know, or spy hunter, yeah, I'd want to know the list of of spies that might be in the FBI, in the CIA. Yeah, I might want to know military plans. But you still have to know where to look. The internet's a big ocean, so you kind of have to know where to look. And by the time we have quantum, all that information is going to be old, old and useless. So, you know, I think that the idea that the NSA really wants this is a little bit, if you actually talk to some people in these circles, I'm not I'm not sure they're that useful. I'm not sure the NSA is going to buy a lot of this stuff. And the NSA budget is uh not that big, believe it or not. It's not that big. They're not going to spend all their money on this. And some say they already have it. I I disagree. But regardless, you know, there's back doors. There's some back doors. So you often don't need it. What what you you can accomplish with normal side channel attacks without a quantum computer what you could accomplish with a quantum computer. Right? So what's a side channel attack? Anybody? Anybody know? Let's ask chat GPT. Give me a good example of a side channel attack. Classic example is a timing attack. Imagine a secure login system. You type in your password and it's going to try to guess your it's going to check your password, right? And your password is is uh wrong. The first character doesn't match. So, it says this isn't your password, right? Well, if you try testing passwords and one of the passwords takes way longer, and I'm talking bills, but it takes twice as long to determine that's the wrong password. You say, "Wait a second. Why is the computer taking longer to determine?" H interesting. Maybe it's closer. Yeah, Mustafa's got a good one there. Maybe it's closer to I'm closer to the password than it looks. Yeah, fan speed, electricity, these are all side channel attacks. Everything is gone. We need it now. The White House needs it. We need to spend more money on quantum. Okay. A great deal of attention has been given to the meaning or interpretation that might be attached to superp position states and of the probabilistic nature of these observations, but we're not going to concern ourselves with that. Our intent is to develop mathematical and conceptual pictures which are predictive. Let's look at the following geometric representation. I think this is where we lose everyone including me. What the heck is this guy? Does anybody know uh this equation? E to the I that should already that should already make you crazy. Gamma times cosine of theta / 2. Kind of looks similar to the one we looked at before, right of the zero position. Plus e to the i [Music] gamma of s of theta / 2 of the one position. Notice we have this e to the i outside and inside. This isn't exactly quantum mechanics. Oh yeah, it's not gamma. You're right. [Music] Fe. Okay. So apparently we can factor this out. So now we're down to just this. And again this looks this looks pretty similar to the one we looked at earlier except we have got cosine of this as our coefficient. And here we've got sine of um well it's not it looks similar to that but it's cosine of this is the coefficient. This is the coefficient here. Here I would say the whole term is coefficient but you could argue that this is the coefficient as well. Um so we can write it this way instead and that theta and fee are points on the block sphere. Here's the block sphere. This is a an elementary concept in quantum computing. So, I want you to if you could take away anything from this video, you say, "I now know what a cubit is." Sort of. We haven't really gotten into it, have we? Uh, linear combination of of of states. I use a mouse. And then I have a tablet here somewhere. I got to go find it. And then, okay, did you see this thing where the average physicist IQ is 30 points ahead of uh other majors? It's like 130. It's wild. Smartest people in physics. That's why I couldn't cut it. Uh block sphere representation of cubit. So this is the block sphere. So anything if you if anything you take away here is you could say that you know showed you the block sphere. So here's the block sphere. Doesn't look like as much of a sphere as we'd like it to be, right? We don't get the curvature just right, but that's a sphere. And so we have a Z direction, right? I don't think Garac is 10x better than Chat GPT, but I appreciate your opinion. I will take that. And uh hold on a second. What am I going to do with your opinion? Let's see here. There it is. You like that? Here it is. I'm going to put that in the litter box. Appreciate your opinion though. Okay. So, the these numbers are points on the unit unit sphere. So, when you learn uh trigonometry, you learn about what? The unit circle, right? You learn how to do your little trigonometry. Well, this is a unit sphere, right? And we aren't going to use polar coordinates. Damn it. So this sphere is really useful for visualizing the state of a of of of a cubid. You're going to see this a lot, the block sphere. And it's a really good tool mentally to kind of think about quantum. And so a lot of the times when we do gates in quantum, we're just moving it on the block sphere. We might be rotating it. We're flipping a sign, right? So the block sphere is B lo Seymour block physicist but I don't remember and so all these operations in quantum are kind of like very nice to visualize on the block sphere but um there is no block sphere for a lot of different sort of you know it's it the abstraction reaches a reaches an end at some point Felix block thank So how much information is is represented by Q. But this is a really fun idea. There's an infinite number of points on the unit sphere, right? Just like there is on the unit circle, right? Reals reals are infinite. Uh in fact, there's a cardality as you guys may know from what? From 0 to one. Which is bigger? The amount of numbers from 0 to one or the amount of integers from 0 to infinity? Which is bigger? You guys know let's ask Chad see Chad if BT knows what is bigger the amount of reals from 0 to one or the amount of integers from zero to infinity light work for French for the pock we go pretty simple there you go hypnocrit knows everybody knows apparently although Ben answered four times you all right You all right? Ben answered five times. You don't need to answer five times, Ben. I know you're excited. I know you're a cancer fan. So So this is uh alf null. This is a Jewish number. Sorry, I couldn't resist. Um so LF null and LF uh is this LF1? What what's the size of the uncountably infinite Well, you know, we can't say it, but you know what kind of number it is. There's no way to classify it. It's a continuum, isn't it? Baby Ruden. There are just like in complexity where you can't always um put things in the P or NP box. Sometimes you can't put things in the ALF box either. So there's there's a lot of open questions on the continuum. This is the biggest one. The continuum hypothesis is the size of reals LF1. And this is one of the biggest biggest questions in math. Do you guys know the song uh Gangsters Paradise? This is very popular song uh when I grew up. Oh, Open AI. What did I just see here? There's a new Open AI thing. Okay, check that out. Yes, of course. Kurt Goodell, I didn't know that. Ulyses. That's cool. Yeah, this is old school for a lot of people. My dad didn't didn't like me watching this. This got two billion views. You got to be kidding me. This looks like jail. Supposed to be high school. This beat was great. You want to tell me what this is all about? As I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I take a look at my life and realize there's nothing left. Cuz I've been blasting and laughing so long that even my mama thinks that my mind is gone. But I ain't never man that didn't deserve it. Be treated like a punk. You know that's unheard of. You better watch myself in the pistol in the street. [Music] That guy's cool. So yeah, I I Hilbert was a famous mathematician. He said that once Caner came up with um That's right, Daily. Once Caner came up with um the ALF system uh in the di diagonalization argument that nothing could drive us from Caner's paradise is what he said. So I made a a parody of this said we've been spending most our lives living in Caner's paradise. We've been spending most of life in paradise [Music] most of my people are just going I don't know. Tell me why are we so tell me why are we so blind to see so blind to see that there's more than one infinity that's my lyrics I think I have more lyrics but that that's the key part this is what you do in prison you have no nothing to do remix um white nerdy is definitely the best parody on. All right. So you blockheads, you you have some sense for the block sphere now. Yeah, we are roughly the same edge. Ulyses. Okay. So there's an infinite number of points on the sphere, right? So you could store the entire text of Shakespeare in the infinite binary expansion of of theta. Well, between 0ero and one you could store any infinite expansion. Uh but you lose precision, right? And this was the old um Sean joke. Where's Where's Beahandro? This is the old uh Carl Sean idea that if you ever watch the great film Contact, one of my favorite movies. Well, the idea in the book is that if you calculate pi out, and this is not true, by the way, but you know, some of you will probably think it's true. Meandra will probably think it's true. If you calculate pi out, you know, you of course get the normal digits, right? But guess what? At some point, pi is not random. So after a while, you get a string of zeros. Okay? And those zeros tell you that the instructions for the universe are coming next. And it sort of gives you this binary of, you know, how to build a, I don't know, space travel or something. And it's a it's code from the creator of the universe. It's in there. It's all in pie. I don't know. And so it's a great movie. In the movie, they did something different. They said that uh right well maybe it's there maybe we keep keep dividing we might see the the code God did um in the movie they have a signal that's different sounds and they listen to the sounds they say what are these sounds and they realize that they're listening to prime numbers. It's pretty spooky actually. This is spookier. Although pi pi is a little spooky too. is 27 a prime? Anybody know? Don't think so. All right. So, thank you. Three cubed. Yeah, that's good. That's good. That's innovative. [Music] um the behavior of a cubit when observed you know we're only going to get one or zero so it doesn't help us to store the the entire corpus of Shakespeare does it measurement changes the state of a cubit collapsing the superp position of zero and one to a specific state so if we measure it and give zero the post-measurement state of the cubit is zero why does this type of collapse occur her. Nobody knows. We just don't know. This is the fundamental postulate of quantum mechanics. God God made it that way. We we don't know. That's about all we know. Well, that's about all we've got. What is relevant for our purposes is that from a single measurement one obtains only a single bit of information about the state of the cubic. So are we losing information? Is information conserved or destroyed? Seems like it's getting destroyed, doesn't it? Isn't it? What does this say about entropy? Right? Doesn't entropy supposed to go up in infinity? is entropy information is the opposite. We're taking information, we're creating randomness. So, yeah, it's like a black hole. Yeah, that's some smart people here. Okay. Only if infinitely many identically compare uh prepared cubits were measured, one would able to be to measure the coefficients alpha and beta. Only if infinitely many identically prepared cubits could we measure the state. Why? Because we're probabilistically sampling it, right? Yeah. Okay. But an even more interesting question. How much information is represented by a cubit if we do not measure it? This is a trick question because how can one quantify information if it cannot be measured? Huh? Bagandro, you got an answer for that. There is something conceptually important here because when nature evolves a closed quantum system of cubits not performing any measurement she apparently does keep track of all the continuous variables describing the state like alpha and beta. So this makes this is the important question. We have all these quantum mechanical processes going on. How can nature as a computer be holding all this information? It's a lot of information. This is shadow realm. Yeah, we're gonna talk about Belle. Belle comes into play quite a lot. In fact, in in uh Aronson's book, Belle Belle is ever present. So, the state of a cubit has tons of hidden information. We'll see shortly that this potential amount of extra information grows exponentially with the number of cubits. So if you understand this hidden quantum information, you'll understand quantum computing. And this is why this hidden information that we can't observe, right? We cannot observe this. This is what lurks. This is what makes quantum computing possible. When we observe it, it collapses. It's gone. It goes to one or zero. But when the cubits are in their quantum state and superp position, they they can contain an infinite amount of information. Infinite. Yeah. Anonymous got got the answers. So then the book goes to um multiple cubits and it gets very hard to understand from here. Um here's uh EPR which you guys are talking about in chat. John Bell um even just the next two pages are are very very hard to understand and then some pages after that are as well. Now some of you are smarter than me. Um although the probability of that is exceedingly low some of you are because there's selection bias here. And um this is uh Mike and Ike, the one and only the um so you know some of you can read this and I can't and that's great but um I didn't do physics. Um Michael Nielsen's famous book, the only book about quantum computing. If you jump in my Discord, maybe I'll share the PDF maybe, but you can find it. You can find it. I believe in you. Um, so if you want to be a quantum computing expert, you can read that. You can read all the stuff about archive. But it works the same way in biotech. Do you want to read all the stuff in biotech? Yes. It turns out the guys who run the most successful biotech funds, they're doctors or MDPhDs or PhDs. Yeah. You got to learn. Sucks. I know it's awful. Or you could just buy the stocks and leave alone. Now, you need to have a little bit of trading sense and investing sense. You can't just be a scientist, right? Science alone isn't going to tell you if something's a good investment. Science alone is going to teach you science which is great and sometimes can be used to make good investments. There you go. Pay knows it can sometimes be lead you to good investments but a lot of times the scientists as smart as they are one they don't understand the psychology in the markets. Moon Bear is exactly right there. Psychology dominates the markets in the short run. What's true or false doesn't basically doesn't matter. What's true or false does matter in the long run, but in the short run it doesn't make a difference really. And so understanding the physics of it is kind of to me like understanding the biochemistry. When I say psychology, of course, I mean market psychology. I don't mean the actual study of the mind. Yes. So anyway, in any event, understanding it a little bit better, computing some of the quantum physics, you know, it'll help you, I think, um, understand why I've reached the position I've reached, which is I don't think there's a valuable thing you could do with quantum. But you also have to, you know, respect the market psychology and all that. I mean, it's not as simple as saying, "Well, these things don't work. They'll never work." Well, people think some other people like Bagahandro, they think it might work. They think it might be useful. Why? Who cares? It doesn't matter. As long as as long as they're buying it, what difference does it make? And when do people buy the speculative stuff? They buy it when they have money. They buy it when they have money to burn, right? They have it when They buy it when they buy NFTTS, right? This everything Bahandra says is the same exact thing with NFTs. You could have said board apes are the new Picasso. You're the stupid one, right? You're the dumb one for not having one, for not paying a million dollars for board apes. But when people need money, they sell their board apes. That's not information to me, Alejandro. That's just randomness. Well, J, dude, you know, you win some shorts, you lose some shorts. It's it's a the diametric opposite of uh Cassava. Cassava worked virtually instantly. People thought I was some voodoo demon for predicting it its collapse almost instantaneously. But, you know, we know better. We've been stocking it for months. And then for for this stock, this trade, I think a lot of us would be happy to break even. I know I would. So, for a lot of us, you know, it's a, you know, you're going to have a distribution of shorts. If your worst short losses you doesn't lose you money, then you've got the best trader in all time. I doubt I'm going to make money on these quantum computing stocks net, but it's possible. But it's uh, you know, I'd like to, you know, make some back at least. It's a very easy much easier place to enter now, J dude. Sure. But it could get worse. We don't know. Um, but again, you know, that's why you have a cassava, a galactin, a, you know, all this stuff. I mean, glectin was they were trying to sell apple peels as a treatment for liver fibrosis. Did you really need to understand much more than that? Quantum computers can't factor five-digit numbers, right? Do did you need to understand more than that? Yeah, the Gleon short was a lot of fun. I think it'll crash. Of course I think it'll crash. I don't know what the catalyst will be. It's it's hard to say. Look, you know, trading involves losses. I mean, there's there's just that's part of the game. You know, you there's never I've never met a trader that didn't have losses. In fact, at the end of the year, if you look at your your tax forms, usually it'll say something crazy. It's the first time I saw this, it spooked me a bit, but in essence, it'll say something like securities, security proceeds $15 million. Security uh costs $15.1 million. And you look at it, say, "What the fuck?" I had a small account. I had $100,000 account. No, you traded $60 million, $und00 million for me in some some years was well over a billion dollars uh of of stocks traded. Well, you know, you go back and forth in stocks. That's what happens. And and that amount of trading will result in, you know, some small amount of profit, right? But make no mistake, you know, there's there's you have to add up all the gains and losses and either up or down at the end. Anyways, You want me to pirate a book just for you, Franco? Mr. Scley, piracy is technically a crime on the federal statute. We are be asking you to report back to prison and uh we're not [ __ ] asking. Get in the car. God damn. Thanks a lot, Franco. Not talking to you, Pak. I don't really know Boeing that well. Valuable for what? That's the question. What are they going to be valuable for? For your imagination or for something industrial? You know that people marvel at the technical nature of insurance? It's it's amazing. I love it. But what? For what? What's it good for? That's the question. If you can't point to something that a product is good for, well, guess what? When I go pitch a startup, imagine if I said they said, "Well, what's your what's your product good for?" And I said, "I don't know yet." Who would do that? Who would invest? Well, that sounds even better. But where, Mr. Rush, where are we going to see an application? And where are we going to see superiority? It doesn't look like we're going to see it. You're right, Ethon. You're right. Let's look at some stocks and up this nonsense. Marketwise, is a 33 cap? Is that right? Looks like a dog. Look like a dog. the [ __ ] [Music] the hell. This is the old Stanbury. No, it's a gora. These guys subscribers are worse than checks. Yeah, we can look at GE Mike. That's pretty interesting. really interesting. They do have this uh different share classes I'm a little worried about there. The market cap's bigger than just that 2 million. And it's operating at break even. So that's not that exciting. 59. Yeah. PayPal. Okay. So, this is a software engineering agent from OpenAI. Interesting. How does it work? Introducing Codeex, a cloud-based software engineering agent that can work on many tasks in parallel powered by Codeex 1. Available to Chat GPT Pro, team and enterprise users today and plus users soon. Today, we're launching a research preview of Codeex, a cloud-based software engineering agent that can work on many tasks in parallel. Codeex can perform tasks for you, such as writing features, answering questions about your codebase, fixing bugs, and proposing pull requests for review. Each task runs in its own cloud sandbox environment preloaded with your repository. Codeex is powered by Codeex-1, a version of OpenAI 03 optimized for software engineering. It was trained using reinforcement learning on real world coding tasks in a variety of environments to generate code that closely mirrors human style and PR preferences. Adheres precisely to instructions and can iteratively run tests until it receives a passing result. We're starting to roll out codecs to chat GPT pro enterprise and team users today with support for plus and edu coming soon. How codeex works today. You can access Codeex through the sidebar in chat GPT and assign it new coding tasks by typing a prompt and clicking code. If you want to ask Codeex a question about your codebase, click ask. Each task is processed independently in a separate isolated environment pre-loaded with your codebase. Codeex can read and edit files as well as run commands including test harnesses, llinters, and type checkers. Task completion typically takes between 1 and 30 minutes depending on complexity and you can monitor Codeex's progress in real time. Once Codeex completes a task, it commits its changes in its environment. Codeex provides verifiable evidence of its actions through citations of terminal logs and test outputs, allowing you to trace each step taken during task completion. You can then review the results, request further revisions, open a GitHub pull request, or directly integrate the changes into your local environment. In the product, you can configure the codec environment to match your real development environment as closely as possible. Codecs can be guided by agents.md files placed within your repository. These are text files akin to readme.md where you can inform codecs how to navigate your codebase, which commands to run for testing, and how best to adhere to your project's standard practices. Like human developers, codec agents perform best when provided with configured dev environments, reliable testing setups, and clear documentation on coding evaluations and internal benchmarks. Codeex1 shows strong performance even without agents.mmd files or custom scaffolding. Building safe and trustworthy agents. We're releasing Codeex as a research preview in line with our iterative deployment strategy. We prioritized security and transparency when designing Codeex so users can verify its outputs. A safeguard that grows increasingly more important as AI models handle more complex coding tasks independently and safety considerations evolve. Users can check codeex's work through citations, terminal logs, and test results. When uncertain or faced with test failures, the codeex agent explicitly communicates these issues, enabling users to make informed decisions about how to proceed. It still remains essential for users to manually review and validate all agent generated code before integration and execution. Aligning to human preferences, a primary goal while training Codeex 1 was to align outputs closely with human coding preferences and standards. Compared to OpenAI 03, codeex 1 consistently produces cleaner patches ready for immediate human review and integration into standard workflows. So it's cursor with PRs kind of. Hello everyone and welcome. Software engineering is changing and by the end of 2025 it's going to look fundamentally different. In 2021 we announced our first model that we called Codeex. This was the first time that we've really demonstrated what what we would now call Vibe coding. Just a couple weeks ago, we released Codex CLI, which is a local agent that runs on your laptop in your own terminal that you're able to pair with and interact with in a synchronous fashion. Today, we're going to take a step towards where we think software engineering is going, and we are releasing a new system, which is a remote software agent that can run many tasks in parallel. We call this system in the grand tradition of of openi naming codeex. The thing that is exciting about codeex is that it runs with your repository, your environment on openi compute. So you're able to run many many copies of it. So you're able to do many tasks in parallel, fire them off, come back to them later, which is something that we'll be showing you today. We're rolling this out to uh chat GBT for uh pro, enterprise, and teams users starting today. and we will be following up with plus and edu in the future. Codex is powered by a new model that we call codeex one. This is our best coding model to date. We've taken 03 and we've optimized it for not just the benchmarks but really for the kind of code that people actually want to merge into their codebase. So thinking about comments, thinking about extraneous changes, thinking about the style so that it's something that that actually really accelerates people's work. And so to show you this system, which we're so excited to to share with you, uh, we have many members of the Codex team. Hey, um, I'm Hansen. I'm one of the members of the Codeex research team. I'm Josh and I'm an engineer on the Codex team. And I'm Tibo and I built code agents and infrastructure to power them. I'm going to be jumping right into the demo. So, normally you would have to connect your GitHub account. I've already done that for myself. And here I'm going to be selecting my repo. I have selected an open source repo, the preparedness repo, which contains some of our frontier uh evals made by the amazing uh preparedness team that we have here. And this is relevant like frontier evals are really about agents. So I'm just going to be using that environment. And then I'm greeted with three tasks that we believe are good to get started with on any repo. The first one is an ask task which just asks the the code agent codeex to explain the codebase to a newcomer explain the general structure. The second one is a code task which asks to find and fix a bug somewhere in the repo. Most of the repos as you all know like have bugs. So let's see let's see if the codeex agent can find one. Um I did not put any bugs in there. Uh this is code that we work with every day. And so we're going to be showing two repos today. One is the preparedness repo and the other one is the codeex CLI one. And the final one is one that I'm really excited about where I ask it to go through the codebase and not just explore the codebase but also come up with proactive task suggestions that it could be doing on its own. So let's start those. Now we have three codeex agents working on these tasks uh concurrently just in the background. And what I'm also going to do is um one of my favorites is find as many typos um and grammar mistakes as you can and fix them. This I think this didn't matter. Let's see if it understands also that my instructions as I make typos. And I have scheduled a task just before this before we uh we were going to jump on this where I asked some something quite interesting to the codeex agent. I asked it about one of my goals. I say my codebase wants I want it to be maintainable and bug free. Uh read through the code propose some tasks that would help with this goal and don't overemphasize on to-dos like to-dos are everywhere in code bases. Um those I know about I want novel things. And so the codeex agent went through the codebase um and in its little environment as we're going to show you it found out about multiple things. Let's have a look. One of them here looks like we are uh having mutable defaults as arguments. Let's have codeex fix that. Definitely fix that. So let's schedule that. Um correct variable spelling. I believe this will get fixed as part of the other task, but let's schedule that anyway. And then here there was like a little consistency about how we set timeouts. One time we set it to 120 and other time we set it to 60. Um codeex this codeex agent here has proposed a task for itself. So we are delegating the delegation here which blows my mind every time. Uh and I'm just going to say make it 120. I think this is like the right time out here. And let's have it code for us. And then let's jump into maybe this task here and see the codeex agent at work. So this isn't running on my laptop here. Um what exactly is going on here and like how does this work? Yeah, it's a great question DO. So um as evidenced from just seeing all these tasks launch in parallel. Um we now need new agentic coding infrastructure for this world where agents need not only their own GPUs but also a couple of CPUs. So this runs on opens compute infrastructure. It's actually in fact the same infrastructure we use for our reinforcement learning and which means fortunately even ahead of this launch it's been battle tested on the large scale uh training runs that we do and uh crucially it's also consistent between what the agencies during training and what the agencies later in production. So each of these tasks runs it in its own microVM sandbox, file system, CPU, memory, network policy and uh it the agent has free reign within it, right? So uh the agent has learned how to use all your pix commands like GP set, knows how to run linting, formatting and obviously it likes to write and execute a whole bunch of code. Yeah, one one thing that I really love about this interface is just how lightweight it makes it to spin up tasks, right? It's just your pass left and right and I think that really makes it a big difference for how you use it. I think it's it's a lot of powerful infrastructure and like the web interface makes it nice to interface with it but I think it's also a lot more comfort uh configurable. Yeah. So each task what runs what we call environment essentially um more or less a repo but with environment variables secrets a set of scripts configured so that you can customize the runtime to more fully unlock the agent's capabilities. Um when we worked with early alpha testers, we found that you get really big early wins by installing something as simple as a llinter or a formatter. Um we actually now install a lot of those by default. And of course our power users have all their test dependency set up for open internal environments. We have uh even pre-commit hooks set up. So as the agents coding, it's actually committing seeing what the commit hooks say. Um really similar actually my own dev environment. That sounds really exciting. Maybe let's watch it work. Uh, and we're going to jump through an environment that we have fully configured like the codeex CLI and let's demo something cool with it. Yeah. So, I think one of my favorite use cases for Codeex is this ability to find and resolve complex issues. So, even leading up to this launch, I think Codeex actually found and fixed a couple of critical bugs uh in our code. Um, but here we're looking at the Codex CLI which um TBO and I have worked on. Um, and so, uh, we've got a bug report from a user here. Basically, uh, when they have file names with special characters, the the diff command in the CLI, uh, shows up with an error message. Um, and so, uh, one of the things we've trained our agents to do is not just like re uh, address these issues, but also, um, we've introduced this, uh, concept of an agent's MD file. So, we know for developers it's extremely important to provide steerability and instruction to to the model. And so the first thing we'll see it do here, um, it'll actually take a look at the agents MD file in the repository. Um, and so here, uh, we've provided some instructions about the layout of the repository. Um, you can see one of the special instructions here. We've asked it to print, um, some ask to the terminal. I think does that look like a cat to you guys? It's a different cat every time. It passes my cat test. Yeah, pretty good. Um so and then uh I think we we also saw above that basically um we also told it you know here's the TypeScript part of the repo in in in the codec cli uh and along with some instructions about how to run run tests here which is pretty important with agent. Um so one of the cool things about the way we train these models with end to end reinforcement learning um they not just write code but they also know how to navigate the codebase uh and even reproduce the issue. So here it's written a little script for itself. So um you can see it it similar to us. I don't know about you guys but I love to use print debugging. Um never that's something we see emergent kind of as part of the RL training. Um it actually like write wrote a little script here to reproduce the issue. It's like written a file actually like that matches the user description and it's actually able to like execute the code um to actually uh verify that the the issues uh able able to be reproduced. is displaying a lot of like complex behavior that is very similar to how we all work. Um how do we teach the agent to do that? Yeah, I think so we have a lot of these kinds of tasks in training. We use end to-end reinforcement learning to not to actually like verify that it completes the entire uh cycle from writing code to running tests and then we verify that the that that it actually is able to complete the tasks and satisfy for example both style checks and programmatic checks and many other things. Um and then we can see that you know on evaluations like Sweetbench uh this results in state-of-the-art performance. Um so yeah so it's actually a it we can see here it's it's actually found the issue and it's actually writing a test for itself now um to actually so we can see that it's it's verifying its work for us. Um and it's almost done here. So it's actually you know now it's even running llinters to verify that the code is matching our our style expectations and I I saw it refer back to its agents.md here. Yeah exactly. So uh as part of the agents inde you can provide detailed guidelines on for example like commit messages and PR messages and how exactly you want your code to be structured. It looks like it's preparing files for commit. Yeah, I think it's almost done. So just within you know like the time that we spent talking um this this change probably would have taken me you know like at least 30 minutes or even or even hours to to debug and um and just in a moment I think we'll see the final PR. And the other thing is you could do this from your phone. Exactly. Yeah, it looks like it's on the piano. How does this look to you? Let's have a look. Um it's kind of tricky to review code so uh so fast here. But one of the things here is that it it did add a test. Uh it's a repro test for uh the issue that we mentioned. So this seems to match here. And also what gives me confidence is that it actually ran this test. And there's like a little proof here uh which we'll talk about later um where I gain a lot of confidence here that this test is actually passing. So I would just go and like push and create a PR here. But now that we have a whole bunch more tasks that have completed, what do you think, Greg? I mean I think this is magic. I'm feel I'm definitely feeling feeling the AGI here. Thank you. Thank you all. Um, and you know, I think that what this system in my mind shows is that we're moving beyond thinking of our AI systems as just language models, right? That we're really building systems around them. So, it's not just about the core AI intelligence. It's really about what tools is access to, the environment that is able to operate within um the kinds of of sort of real world uh, you know, sort of uh conditions that it's been trained to be exposed to. It's starting to feel much more like the interface that we're going to see for a real AGI. Uh still still much more to build, but it's starting to feel like it has the right form factor. And so here to tell you more about the how we build the system are more members of the team. Uh hi everyone. I'm Andre. I work on uh research and uh systems for reinforcement learning and coding. Andre, you need to get a haircut. I'm Katie. I'm on the research team here. I'm Jerry. I also work on on research here. If you if we look back at the history, we've been working on large language models that cover here. I'm Katie. I'm on the research team here. I'm Jerry. I also work on on research here. If you if we look back at the history, we've been working on large language models. Code for many years already. The first codeex models we have released that powered GitHub copilot and was little more than a smart autocomplete and I think they have started a revolution of AI powered coding that we really see take off today. Since then, we've worked on a lot of things. We've improved every layer of our pre-training stack to make our models really, really great at all kinds of programming tasks. At the moment GPD4 was released, it was by far the best programming model in the world. We've also constantly iterated on our on our post training recipe to make the models in CH GPT really great at answering users programming related questions. Every day, millions of users use CH GPT to accelerate their work. However, working with LLMs on a programming related projects still feels pretty clanky. It does require a lot of handholding and context switching. I believe the current paradigm of scaling up reinforcement learning finally can take us to the place where we can automate larger chunks of work where our models can work on where we can tell them what we want to do not necessarily how and they can work for extended period of time on that task for a user on a real production codebase. Even more importantly the infrastructure that we are opening up for it is perfectly scalable. It doesn't run on your laptop. It runs on the cloud. At a single push of a button, you can spin out one agent, 10 agents, or 10,000 agents. It's an ondemand AI power force multiplier. And we are seeing really great results with it internally. Cool. So, I get to do the part of the demo um that is probably the most unlucky where I'm not going to kick off any tasks, but I'm going to take a look at the tasks that Tibo, Hansen, and Josh kicked off um and hope that they're good. And I think this is actually kind of reflection of where engineering work has moved over the past few years where a lot of my time now is spent reviewing code rather than writing it. And in that sense, it becomes even more important for our models to be very aligned with what we want. So I will talk you through how we train these models with alignment in mind um as we look through a couple of these tasks. So let me let's click back into the one that Tibo kicked off here. Um, so I think there's three key parts here. On the right, we have the actual code output produced by the model. When we look at code and when you review code, you might look for things like, you know, like having sensible changes, doing exactly what the PR description said and not having extra changes. Um, you don't want extra comments littered throughout your code. This is feedback that we've heard about our models before. Um, and so something that we really focused on was like having good code quality and style so that code is easier to review. The other thing that we really focused on here was interpretability and verifiable um outputs. So on the left side here we have a model generated summary of exactly what it did. Right here it added an import for this function. It tells you what it's doing and like why it's doing it. And it shows you in this citation view exactly the code that it was referencing when it's talking about what it did. And then in the testing section here, the model actually ran the test um that it was told to run in the agents.mmd file. But beyond just actually running the test, the model actually reports whether the test passed or failed. Um and in this case, you can see exactly where in the work log the t um the test was run and you can see and verify that it succeeded. Let's take a look at one more task. Okay, so here there's another task that was done in the preparedness repo where I can take a look over this model output and it might pass like the smell test to me initially, but I can see from the model's testing output here that it actually didn't manage to pass the test. And so I'm looking here and it looks like it might be something with like a missing dependency in the environment. Um maybe pedantic is not installed. And so this PR might be something that I check back out to my computer and rerun the tests locally and maybe if I see that this is valuable, this is something I can go back to my environment configuration and reinstall. And ultimately I think we find codecs to be like as trustworthy if not more trustworthy than our own co-workers. I don't have I don't have this kind of access to like what Andre did on any given day in terms of like the logs or the actual test outputs. And I think as we move towards this world where AI writes more and more code, this kind of verifiability is going to be really important. So, uh, I'm super excited to share this with all of you today. I've been working on this for more than 2 years. Actually, a lot of that time with Jerry. It's been a real blast. Um, and we're we've been using this internally and seeing a lot of really magical moments start to appear. Uh we're sharing this with you today because we think this does represent a glimpse into the future of how software engineering is done. Um I'm just going to tell you a little bit about how I use the product. So in the leadup to this launch, uh I've ended up doing a lot of coordination work. I haven't had as much time for coding as I maybe used to as much as I maybe ideally would like. Maybe Greg Greg can empathize with that a little bit. Um, and so if I'm like reviewing someone else's code or yo, I'm going to turn this l into wine or uh reading through Slack or playing with the product just to make sure that uh it's developing well. Sometimes I'll have an idea of like a code change I might like to make, a change in the product or some refactor and I'll just kick it off in Codeex. It takes like 30 seconds. It's a very lightweight thing to do and then I'll go back to Slack or or wherever I wherever I am. Uh, and then later I'll come back and the task is sitting there and it's done. I'm I'm sending these descriptions you guys are sending to the actual people themselves in this video. So, keep them coming. Keep the Sometimes it's a small task. It's like a simple string change. Sometimes I was ambitious and I put in a request for like a bigger refactor or some sort of feature. And this by no means works all the time. This is a research preview. Uh, we think it's still early days. Uh, but sometimes it's like a multiundredline diff and I open it and I start reading through it and I'm like, "Wow, this actually looks like it's correct." And I read through what the model did. Maybe the model ran some tests. Maybe those tests failed and the model fixed the the test failure. I look on the left and all the little test results are green. And I'm like, "This change actually looks really good. Let me open a PR. Maybe I'll send it to a colleague for review. maybe they'll approve it and we'll merge it and and it lands in the codebase and then I take a step back and I realize I just landed like a non-trivial change like a large change often in our codebase and that branch never even hit my laptop. Uh it was just something that happened completely through this interaction with an async delegation to to one of these agents and when that works it's really a magical moment. Uh and it's really amazing and when I talk to other colleagues I mean you're the son of god it should be somewhat amazing. uh they're using the product too and they're using it in different ways and they're having magical moments and magical interactions with it of their own and you can see some of those uh stories in the videos that we're linking from the blog associated with this release. Um so that's all very exciting to see. But what I'm most excited about is to share this with all of you today and see what you all do with it. One of the things that I find really exciting about how Codeex works is it has very nonhuman strengths and weaknesses. And so it really means that you get much more out of it if you start thinking of of it as not just a static tool that you just use like you know just without having to build expertise but if you um if you really optimize your code base around what it can do you start like honestly most of what codeex benefits from is just what is good soft the immaculate PR engineering practices um in terms of of modular code bases with good tests and things like that um you're able to just move so fast and we've seen that we've seen that happen uh internally uh with many people at OpenAI. Um we are releasing this today to uh Chad GBT enterprise teams and uh prousers. We're going to have very generous rate limits. Uh we're going to start out without any additional pricing. Over time as we start to get some feedback and some sense of how people are using it, we'll introduce more rate limits. will be rolling out out to plus and edu users um that we'll be thinking about if there's pricing for how to get additional queries. Um in general, we're just so excited to see how people use it because we've seen every single person at OpenAI uses codeex differently. Now, we're not nearly at the end of this this journey. We're very much at the beginning uh that we're going to continue to improve codeex. We're going to make it be integrated into far more systems like be there in your issue tracker, release an API so that you can have it automatically be integrated into your CI. So if there's a CI error, you don't have to fix it anymore. That Codeex takes care of it. Um, we also are continuing to develop Codeex CLI, which again is a local agent that runs on your laptop. We're releasing a mini model today and we're also going to be releasing signin with with ChatC to make it easier to get up and running. Now, if you think about it, there's two different form factors that we've talked about. There's the local synchronous on your computer version, but there's also what codeexes of an asynchronous in the cloud runs on its own computer. And we think that the future is going to be these two systems coming together, right? What you really want is you want a remote co-orker with its own computer, but who can also look over your shoulder. And so, you're there typing away. You're working on some change. You're like, "Ah, I don't I want to go to lunch. Codex, can you finish this?" it just takes it over seamlessly and and runs it in the cloud. Or if you have a question about something or you want to pull down a change because your dependency isn't installed or something like that, it all just moves around totally totally seamlessly. So it's a co-orker, it's a intern you can delegate to. It's a mentor, it's a pair programmer and all of these at once. And so our goal really is to help accelerate the useful work that is done to help it be so there's more software engineers in the world so that there's more programming that is done uh that is useful and and able to move forward move forward the world. So we're just so excited to see what you're going to do with codeex. Thank you all. [Music] All right. AI Witcher AI Jesus. Do we did we find a name for her? Not just leather jacket nerd. I I believe the funniest part was when she said that uh it was better than her colleagues. I I gulped this world where AI writes more and more code. This kind of verifiability is going to be really important. So you can see at the end looks like it might be something with like a missing dependency in the environment. Um maybe pedantic's not installed. And so this PR might be something that I check back out to my computer and rerun the tests locally and maybe if I see that this is valuable, this is something I can go back to my environment configuration and reinstall. And ultimately I think we find codecs to be like as trustworthy if not more trustworthy than our own co-workers. I don't have I What the [ __ ] Say that again. trustworthy if not and ultimately I think we find codeex to be like as trustworthy if not more trustworthy than our own co-workers. Look look at his face. Let's zoom in on this [ __ ] He said excuse me. Can we zoom in camera guy? Can we get get a little zoom here? Is the best we can do? You can do better. Get me close. I don't haveation and reinstall and ultimately I think we find codeex to be like as trustworthy if not more trustworthy than our own co-workers. I don't have I don't have this kind of act if not more trustworthy than our own co-workers. I don't have I trustworthy if not more trustworthy than our own co-workers. I don't have I don't have this kind of access to like what Andre did on any given day in terms of like the logs or the actual test outputs and I think as we move towards this world where AI writes more and more code this kind of verifiability is going to be really important face you notice right there with where the where the chin goes you see the chin look at this test outputs and I think as we move towards this world where AI writes more and more code this kind of verifiability is going to be really signal of embarrassment So, uh, I'm super excited to share this with all of you today. Yeah, that was an that was a little adlib. She's like, I'm gonna have to answer this one. You know, I was just feeling the AGI, Sam. All right. I think it was live. Not much detail on that alleged investment. [Music] [Music] I don't know what's going to happen to Corweave. What's up, kitty cat? Look at my love. Look at my little love here. Yes. Yes. I love you. Hello. This is my coffee. Lay off. Oh no. Don't make yourself at home now. No news. No news. I'm a Buffett style guy. I mean, I think that if there's some attractive trades, I like to make them. But a lot of times I'm buying stocks where there's there's often a rapid change in their business. That makes the situation a lot more volatile than somebody else who likes to buy stocks and just hold them forever because they find a management team. That's good. One of the important things about my portfolio is that I have my own companies usually and so I'm long those. So I like to short stuff that's not my company if that makes sense. I mean Qubt is just basically a scam. Haven't seen anything like it. Oh, what's up Nicole? Yeah, we started shorting some Huma. What was their revenue again? 500,000. Well, the problem with Core Weeb is one of the ways they got to being the biggest GPU cloud was through debt. So, they've they've issued lots of debt and being public allows them to kind of convert some of that debt to equity. So, hopefully they do that. Yeah, we saw it. We saw that Core Weave CEO there, the AMD lady. You know, an AMD CEO. Show some respect. Nicole, you're always welcome here, Nicole. Alejandro posting yet another W. Yeah. Yeah. No, I'm a buffet buffaholic. Buffettologist. It's just uh Yeah. Frustrating. Frustrating. Frustrating. What do you I don't know, Marco. That's a good one. I If you can find cheap vault to hedge, you should do that. But Well, I do pharma, which which is a very hard well a different business to value. It's not hard, I'd say, but I don't know what to make of Tavi yet. So, I'm still looking at it, but uh could be very exciting. I think a lot of people are are hoping or expecting that new drug could be a 510 billion dollar drug. I don't know. Let's see. Yeah, I try not to trade options if I can help it. They're kind of weapons of financial destruction. Uh, it's not the way I would think about it, Nicole. Drug companies only, their drugs only last a short period of time. Five, ten years. You don't have to worry about the long haul with any drug company. Oh, baggie found a new stock. Little baggie. Baggie's in blockchain now. CLSK. Little baggy blockchain. Oh, Bitcoin mining. [Music] I'm going to mine Bitcoin like you mining gold. What do you call him, Nick? Alejandro is a a mag seven guy who wants to wants to be a baggie. Thanks, Optimus. Sign up for God terminal. Good old terminal.com. [ __ ] it. What the [ __ ] you just say, Vlad? So you can what? You in my house, lad. Crimson, you might want to learn what the enterprise value is before you look at the PE. I don't like take two. And then go follow him. [ __ ] Vlad. This [ __ ] guy. [ __ ] wrong with you, bro? I don't know. He seems to be crushing it. Oh yeah, Raul. Tell you what, Rule, go click the little X button. Okay, how about that? Click the little X button. I'm going to teach you how to do that. Press Alt F4. Now you're learning Pardon my feelings. I'm very sensitive. Bur is not worth paying attention to. Please, please pay attention to better investors than Bur. There's like actual billionaire investors. You could look up their portfolios. It's like actually people worth paying attention [Music] to. Funny to you, maybe. It's It's like It's like going to the park and watching some seven-year-olds play basketball and you're sitting there like a Knicks fan at the playoffs like, "Oh [ __ ] little Jimmy." Oh, you saw Little Jimmy's move. Oh man, you got you got the the little Jimmy jersey. Little Jimmy doesn't have a jersey, but you got his jersey. Oh [ __ ] You see how he crossed him up? Little Jimmy with the underhand. Oh man, he did that. He hit the underhand shot. Don't worry about Bur. I watch Bur and Pelosi. I go to the park and watch the seven-year-old kids play basketball because they're better than Jordan. What else? What other good examples of this? Bob Ross, best painter of all time. Happy little trees, baby. Billy [Music] Mays. Well, Paulson's different. Paulson made a lot of money, man. But yeah, it seems like they all three of these guys had the '08 curse. They got the they got the financial crisis, right? But none of these guys made money after. It's crazy. It's a little nuts. Think about it. I don't know if it's a curse. It's a curse. Cassandra curse, man. You can't do a PE ratio on a company that's levered. You got to do EV to E ratio. Jesus Christ. Five times earnings. Yes. after they pay 10 turns of net income. Uh these companies haven't been around that long. Say like they're like two three years public. Yeah. I think I think GTA will disappoint and the valuation's just too crazy. GTA. It assume the stock assumes that GTA will be that six will be like so big as it's like bigger than any game we've ever seen, which you know it might, but that that's a a crazy probability. It's more than priced in. It's like 150% priced in. They might get more than a They might get $120 out out of each player. We don't know. Up 39%. Yeah, this market's driving me crazy, man. What the [ __ ] How? How? Sway. Well, they partnered with Santa on TLA. Yeah, D-Wave is was a beverages company that pivoted. Yeah. The problem with most of these biotech, I'm sorry, most of the most large companies is they don't want to take risks to reinvent when you have a a cash cow, so to speak. Yeah, they reverse merged a quantum privately held quantum company into QCI. [Music] Who's [Music] [Music] Strauss? We're making it rebel. Oh, yeah. I know this guy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He used to come to our office when I worked at Tiger Cup. Oh, shoot. Sorry, guys. You don't need this camera. Pain. I feel like I want to throw up. I almost ended the stream just now. I don't want you guys to see me in this condition. I worked at a Tiger Cup. Oh, this plate plate tectonics. This is the uh the D-Way baggie in the chat. What's up? Big Dway fan. Like that. Annealer. Oh, Charles Payne. Oh boy. I'm going to give that guy some glasses after this [ __ ] A lot of generic companies have tried, lad. But you need to go watch Alejandro's YouTube, man. Don't worry about me. Don't worry about me, buddy. You on you on Hondro's team. You Oh, wait. Wait. You think a kneeling is a real thing? You think people do a kneeling? I'm sensitive. You think that's like a real a real practice? What? My man, I can prove to you an healing's fake in in 10 minutes. This is a website called archive. Have you heard of it? Great. Quantum analing. Uhhuh. Okay. Have you ever read any of these papers? Oh, yeah. Interesting. Have you ever ever seen a quantum speed up? I Okay, you wrote Los Alamos and Penrose. Those are not complete thoughts. Penrose has nothing to do with quantum. Jesus Christ. You could link me some interesting videos. Ah, of course. I I like it when baggies put on the lab coat and pretend they're scientists. You know, everyone laughs at Penrose, right? [Music] Yeah, that's true, Pen. That's true. Oh, Eden. What's up, man? Pretending. Was I was I pretend chemist when I filed my my chemistry patents While IQLS demonstrates strong scalability, successfully solving problems up to 175 features on a D-Wave annealer, its runtime is currently dominated by remote access latency and Q delays. This [ __ ] never works, bro. there in every paper it's like it either doesn't work or they're like yeah you know we tried it but uh unfortunately uh due to this and this problem we we couldn't do it next time. Every time we try to benchmark it, something goes wrong. Say slippery. Here's a classic idea. These guys trying to compare versus classical. [Music] Ooh. It looks like uh this thing uh regular computer beat the [ __ ] out of D-Wave. You guys see this? And they they borrowed the Ullet computer. That's the $15 million computer. So now DW is not going to have any customers because everyone's just going to use that one, bro. This is insane. Do you guys see this? This is a regular computer. The orange. Okay. The green and blue are D-Waves computers. Meanwhile, they, you know, the the green is supposed to be their new one. Doesn't look any better. And this is runtime. 50 milliseconds. The regular computers are close to zero. Come on, man. Stop playing with me with this. Stop [ __ ] playing with me, man. The classical algorithms solve the cubos quickly. Our results show that the current generation of quantum analers still face significant challenges in scaling. Oh jeez, bro. to be worth. You understand that? Using a single PC versus a $15 million computer, you're not changing complexity classes. You can just add more compute. You don't need a quantum computer, dude. There's no problem that hard. Thank you for the baggie. Thanks. Thanks for the baggie. They these guys borrowed the ULIC machine, ran an experiment, and showed it didn't work. Come on, man. Look at this [ __ ] I'm going to email those authors cuz I want to know what PC they used. Now I'm pissed. Come on, man. Dway say they didn't do it the right way. Oh my god. The D-wave annealer began to fail for very small sizes of N. Wow. This is nuts. And these are Germans that did this, I believe. No, no, these are Americans. Maybe some Germans. Polish. These are a Baltimore and Poland team. University of Maryland. It's vicious. I'm going to I got to write these authors and see what system was used. Look at the first reference. Mike and Ike. I've read so many of these papers. Like this is the latest one. They all say the same thing. Don't [ __ ] work. Oh my god, it's so bad, dude. We utilize D-Wave QPU and then this non this is a simulator bro. The QPU was effective for small problem sets is less efficient for larger problems. Bro, ILP with Gorobi. That's normal computing. A deeper exploration of why quantum fails. You don't know anything about me, BRB. You know how much capital I have or have put in this situation. You have no [ __ ] idea. Spy people have tried it didn't Okay, so TA, there's a couple ways to look at TA, but mostly we're thinking about how to value the base business, which probably best way to look at it is TTM operating income, but cash flows maybe TTM pre-tax. Yeah, it's probably cheap because you're getting this drug which could be quite big, but they also share it. politic you can't make the rule from the exception. Well, you know, Ken Griffin started a hedge fund out of out of college. You can, too. You're going to succeed. Probability of success 0.00001%. Has it happened before? Yes. Is it going to happen again? Probably also yes. Will it happen to you? No. Nice logic. Logic abusers. Most hedge funds are started by people in their 40s, but starting in that career, sure, plenty of people do it, too. Most people have a career in other in other uh industries. Ah, here's ASW's dumbass. When Dwave goes to three, ASW is going to be like, I sold at the top. What are you talking about? I sold at 16. I wouldn't call it call call anybody else a kitty given your portfolio size by the way. I was going to bring that up, but you know, I wouldn't insult other people when you're trading that much. Well, it is until you say that other people are quoteunquote kitties. That means that you, you know, you're smarter and bigger than them. But if you're only trading with a quarter million or a million, I wouldn't be throwing stones when you live in a glass house. Ken Ken is uh fighting the tape. Anybody can short. There's no special requirement. Yeah, I think it's like poker. It was always easier to make money. You're in contact with me with me right now, comrade. Comrade sheep. Why would I want to be in contact with a comrade sheep? $23 million leverage trade or 23 million notional. Well, 23 million notional meaning leverage. No, we changed our mind. We hate Serapa. No, comrade. I appreciate it, but no thank you. I'm pretty busy with my own life. I don't like United Health. I'm not going to game. Yeah. No, I mean you can leverage 100x on Binance. I think their limit is 125x. No, there is li leverage limits in the US. They're specifically governed by uh CFTC. [Music] I guess what you're describing is a a hedge fund. I can't imagine only being long only doesn't make any sense. Not every long short bun has gotten crushed. This is a bagel with cream cheese. Well, there's a free free tier. You just use the free tier. Let's go. Yeah, chat will be improved soon. We're working on chat 2.0. All right, guys. Another painful week. We'll get them next week. Until then, see you on Discord. See you on Goodell. Feel free to message me. I'm gonna take a some headache medicine to lie down. Adios, guys.